If a you are Prime Minister
Climate Shift
After the law is chosen, and before voting begins, roll 6 . If the number of successes is greater or equal
to Company Standing (which runs from 0-7 where Company Failure = 0), shift the Crown Climate one
position to the right, if able.
Then, if the number of successes is greater than Company Standing, shift it once more to the right, if able.
Then, if number of failures + catastrophic failures is less or equal to Company Standing, shift Crown
Climate to the left, if able.
Finally, if the number of failures + catastrophic failures is less than Company Standing, shift it once more
to the left, if able.
If the Crown is Prime Minister
Climate Shift
First, perform Climate Shift as described above.
The Crown will draw cards from the Law deck according to the position indicated by the card with the
shaded card. If a Dilemma is drawn, the Crown must stop drawing and vote on the Dilemma.
Unlike players, the Crown may vote against the current law even if they are the Prime Minister. The Crown
can hold both the Prime Minister dial and be Opposition Leader.


         -2             The Crown stops drawing and selects the law just drawn.



         -2
                        The Crown skips the law drawn and draws again (must select 3rd law
                        drawn).

Policy Marker Movement Priority
Compare the two policy space choices and their net effects.
For each choice, determine their effect by counting the number of affected Player entities (i.e. workshops,
shipyards, shares, luxuries, windows) and compare the total against the number of Crown entities to get
the Crown total. Multiply this total by -1 if the choice is tax.
The Crown will choose the option where the Crown total is highest (e.g. -1 is preferable to -2). Break ties
using the AI card clockwise/counterclockwise arrows. If the Crown chooses a Power policy in which the
Power marker is already in the highest position, swap the position of the two bottom Power markers.


         -4             The Crown moves the policy marker to the alternative policy.


Royal Privilege
If the Crown cannot afford a tax (or family expenses), the Crown will use additional funds from the
Company treasury as needed to pay for the cost. The Crown will take emergency loans if necessary to create
the necessary cash. This may cause Company failure. If the Crown is Chairman, Royal Protection will
always be discarded if it is available.

Upkeep and Refresh
The Crown will pay family expenses. If the Crown cannot afford expenses, they will use Royal Privilege.


        +1
                         [SOLO] You have one or more writers in a Crown Presidency, but you do
                         not have at least one writer return from filling an order in that Presidency.


Game End                                                Game Turn      1    2    3    4    5    6    7    8
[SOLO ONLY] Only award victory points for                   1710       -5   -4   -3   -2   -1   0    0    0
first place for the Power Award. If the Company
                                                            1758                 -5   -4   -3   -2   -1
failed, the soloist should adjust their own victory
points [only] according to this table.                      1813                           -4   -3   -2   -1
                                                                                                               15
