     Deploy Target Regions
     The Crown will attempt to take the Deploy action in a...



      ...Presidency’s home region with closed orders,
                                                         ...Presidency’s home region if not Company-
      then Company-controlled regions associated
                                                         controlled, then any regions not Company-
      with this Presidency with closed orders, then
                                                         controlled and adjacent to Company-controlled
      Presidency’s home region if not Company-
                                                         Regions associated with this Presidency, then
      controlled, then any non-Company-controlled
                                                         Company-controlled regions associated with this
      regions adjacent to Company-controlled
                                                         Presidency with closed orders.
      Regions.



              -2             Choose a valid region in which the Crown will attempt to Deploy.



     Deploy
     A Crown Commander will exhaust all available Local Alliances first, then Crown officers, then player
     officers, and then regiments, in order to match the exact number of dice listed below. They will only Deploy
     if they can roll the required number of dice given by this table:



        Non-Company
       Controlled Region            6               5                4               3                2

          Company
       Controlled Region            2               3                4               5                6



              -1             Increase or decrease the required number of dice by 1    .


                             Once pieces have been exhausted and before rolling dice, exchange X

            -X               value pieces that were exhausted for pieces that were not. Note: Local
                             Alliance of strength X counts as X pieces.

     Deploy Again?


                                                                             The Crown will attempt to take
         The Crown will not attempt to take the Deploy action again.
                                                                                the Deploy action again.
                                                                                 The Crown will not take
                  The Crown takes the Deploy action again.
                                                                                 the Deploy action again.

                    -2                                  -1                                -1




12
