Presidents
If you are President

       +X
                         Place X Crown writers when filling orders. This always applies, even if you
                         have no choice but to place Crown writers.

If the Crown is President
Trade
The Crown will spend the necessary funds to roll the required number of dice to trade given by this table:



              2                    3                 4                  5                   6
The Crown first attempts to trade for the highest value trade route, but will trade in fewer regions if that is
the only way to reach the required minimum number of dice to still trade.



         -1             Increase or decrease the required number of dice by 1         .

Additional Funds
If there are funds remaining in the treasury, the Crown will also spend up to an additional £3 on the Trade
action.

Filling Orders
When determining which Orders to fill, the Crown will first try to trade for the highest value trade route;
if multiple orders/routes have the same value, the Crown will prefer orders in the home region first, then
orders closest to home region, and then most southerly equidistant orders.
The Crown will always place their own writers first, and then start placing player writers.



         -1             The Crown places your writer instead of another.

[2P ONLY] Player priority for each writer placed is determined according to the Player Button.


Superintendent of Trade in China
If you are Superintendent
Perform office actions as usual.

If the Crown is Superintendent
Trade in China
The Crown will roll as many dice as possible to take a valid Trade in China action, so long as they can roll
the required number of dice given by this table:




              1                            2                                      3


         -1             Increase or decrease the required number of dice by 1         .




                                                                                                                  13
