Military Affairs
If you are Military Affairs
                          Assign the Crown as Commander of an Army when able. This always

        +1                applies, even if you have no choice but to assign the Crown as
                          Commander.

If the Crown is Military Affairs
Transfers
The Crown will attempt to perform two officer transfers. Otherwise, the Crown will transfer according to
the Transfer Priority below, skipping any transfer that cannot be completed and any transfer that undoes a
previous transfer from this turn.

Transfer Priority
The Crown will transfer regiments, then Crown officers, then player officers using the following priority.


                                           Army of Presidency with
                                                                             Army where a player is Commander
      Player Presidency’s Army to a        fewest ships to Army of
                                                                             to an Army where the Crown is
      Crown Presidency’s Army.             Presidency with most
                                                                             Commander.
                                           ships.

Note: If there is more than one viable Army to transfer from/to, use AI card’s arrows to break ties.



          -1
                          Transfer 1 officer or regiment from a Presidency to another Presidency
                          (counts as one of the Crown’s two transfers).



          -1
                          Prevent any transfer from happening this round (counts as one of the
                          Crown’s two transfers).

Assign Officers
The Crown will assign player officers first and then Crown officers, one at a time and independently of
each other, according to the following priority (starting at the top for each assignment and breaking ties
by applying each step that can be applied to reduce the candidates to a single one). If a tie remains after
applying each step in the list, break the tie with the black arrow, then the white arrow.



    1. A Crown Presidency, then                                         1. A Presidency that creates a
    2. The Presidency with the most ships, then                            new Crown majority, then
    3. A Presidency where Crown is Governor, then                       2. A Presidency that creates a Crown
                                                                           equality with a player holding
    4. A Presidency that creates a new
                                                                           a majority of pieces, then
       Crown majority of pieces, then
                                                                        3. A Presidency where Crown has a
    5. A Presidency that creates a Crown equality with
                                                                           majority of pieces and does not
       a player holding a majority of pieces, then
                                                                           lose a Crown majority, then
    6. A Presidency where Crown has a majority of
                                                                        4. A Presidency where Crown
       pieces and does not lose a Crown majority, then
                                                                           is Governor, then
    7. A Presidency where the Crown is Commander.
                                                                        5. A Presidency where Crown
                                                                           is Commander, then
                                                                        6. A Crown Presidency, then
                                                                        7. The Presidency with the most ships.



          -1              Assign 1 officer to a Presidency of your choice.

After all Officers-in-Training have been assigned, the Crown will assign Commanders. If there is more
than one eligible officer to become a Commander, Crown will chose their own officer.
                                                                                                                 9
