     Revenue
     If the Crown is Chairman
     The Crown will try to pay 1 dividend minimum, then more if able to leave £X in Company Balance as
     indicated:



                   £0                  £2                   £4                   £6                   £8

                                         The Crown pays out 1 less dividend.

                          -2                                                  -1
                                        The Crown pays out 1 more dividend.

                          -1                                                  -2
     Royal Protection
     If there are emergency loans, the Crown always will discard Royal Protection if available.

     Firm Expenses and Dividends
     Emergency Investments
     During the Revenue phase, if a firm is seeking emergency investment, the Crown will not invest.

                             The Crown invests in your firm with Company shares (unless they are

              -4
                             weak), and then workshops, regardless of majority of Company shares.
                             Note: players cannot use this bribe if doing so results in the Crown having more
                             firm shares than manager.

     Firm Dividends
                             If you pay the Crown firm share dividends equal to or more than any

             +X              (all) other player(s) in the firm (i.e. do not include cash paid for the firm
                             manager dividend). X = the number of Crown firm shares (max 3).


     Events in India
     If the Crown is a Commander and must defend a Crisis, you choose which pieces will be exhausted to meet
     the Crisis. [2P ONLY] The player holding the Player Button chooses.




     Parliament Meets
     The Crown will always vote first. The Crown will vote for or against according to the Crown’s Voting Plan
     (detailed on the last page). The Crown will use all available votes from their Enterprises to influence their
     vote. Unlike players, the Crown will receive additional votes according to the size of their treasury based
     on this chart:

         £0 - £3               £4 - £6                £7 - £10                £11 - £14                    £15+
          +0 votes              +1 votes                +2 votes                 +3 votes                  +4 votes




14
