a > a Is the elephant . ”
touching a company- No Is the attacking region
— controlled region? (elephant’s tail) dominated?
J Yes, on border —
5 A a | J
The primary crisis is a The primary crisis isan INVASION The attack is a REBELLION The attack is an INVASION.
REBELLION against the against the company: against the region’s capital.
company: Attack strength = all tower
Attack strength = all tower Attack strength = tower level levels in attacker’s empire +
Attack strength = unrest levels in the attacker’s empire + crisis card bonus crisis card bonus
cubes + crisis card bonus + unrest cubes in defending
region + crisis card bonus Defender strength = Defender strength = all tower
EG cE - ui ci tower level levels in defender’s empire
officers, regiments, alliances Defense strength = # of officers, (Defender wins ties) (Defender wins ties)
commander* exhausts regiments, alliances commander*
(Peanaroe, exhausts (Defender wins ties)
Attacker removes their Attacker’s empire expands.
= small flag, closes all orders Add a small flag matching
in attacking region, attacker to defending region.
steps . & add flag matching attacker cascade if all already full If defender was an empire
capital, all matching flags are
aoe nmuniera Remove unrest, give The capital (successful removed fr com map
troph commander a trophy, defender) loses a tower
pny attacker loses tower level level
J l
Wy :
REBELLION in each remaining region CoD CHGS, starting with a Place elephant in the region Was there a successful
the Army of Bombay, then proceeding downward: shown on top of draw stack INVASION?
Attack strength = unrest cubes
Defense = # of officers, regiments, alliances commander* exhausts . .
- If it’s dominated, place on
—_
border, facing capital.
phn ,
- place fully within.
- If it’s sovereign, (capital or no
flag) point across border
wy matching symbol on the crisis
Region Loss Steps: event card.
| Was there a
1. Commander is removed and
loses half of their trophies successful No
rounded up INVASION?
2. Roll death checks for officers Elephant’s
3. Governor position eliminated
4. Remove unrest and half-built Ye, Match
company ships, and place level
one tower. If this is due to . op . . aoe
iireciton, plewe menating Tes Place elephant in capital’s region (Imperial Ambitions)
5. Put region’s control marker Point it across the border with the symbol that matches the one on the crisis event card.
back on map, face down If that region is already dominated, rotate elephant to next clockwise region border.
6. Close all orders, cascade if all If all are dominated, leave elephant on border symbol matching event card, but point inward
closed already toward capital.
7. Lower company standing by #
of regions lost this turn
*if commander is vacant, Military Affairs acts. If MA also vacant, Chairman acts. Neither MA nor Chairman will lose/gain trophies.
