13. Commanders
1. Local Alliances
A Commander can request money from their President to purchase local alliances. Move purchased alliances to the available forces.

If You Are the Commander




If the Crown is the Commander
Crown Presidents always give consent to Crown Commanders to purchase local alliances.




2. Deploy
The Commander may deploy as many times as they wish and can afford, as long as there is a chance of success.
        1.   Select a target: either a region controlled by the Commander’s Presidency (as long as there is at least one closed order
             and/or unrest) or any adjacent region not controlled by another Presidency.
        2.   Make a check: Exhaust any number of Regiments, Officers and local alliances. Each exhausted unit lets you roll 1
             die (or dice equal to their strength for an alliance). Roll 1 less die for each tower level in the target region (plus
             associated regions if it is part of an empire).
        3.   Death check: Roll a die for each committed Officer. On a roll of 6 they are returned to their supply (they get no Loot).
        4.   If successful:
                    a) Gain Loot: £4 per Tower Level + £ for any Loot token (minimum £ = surviving Officers + 1). Divide the
                         loot evenly between all surviving participants: Commander > Officers (own first) > Regiments > Alliances.
                    b) Player gains 1 trophy per Tower Level in target region.
                    c) Open all orders and remove any unrest in the target region.
                    d) If the region was not Company-controlled: Remove Tower + Dome, move the loot token to the Presidency’s
                         box, add the region’s Governor overlay, and place the region’s Governor card in the Vacant Offices box.
                    e) If the Elephant was facing out of the target region, place it in the centre of the region.
        5.   If a catastrophic failure: The Commander’s player loses half (round up) of their trophies and returns their
             Commander to their supply.




                                                                12
