20. Parliament Meets
If You Are Prime Minister
           1.   You reveal up to 3 Law cards and chooses one (if a Dilemma! is drawn, it must immediately be chosen).
           2.   You then rotate the PM wheel in either direction, stopping at the first policy which matches the chosen law card.
           3.   Set the initial number of Votes indicated on the law card.
           4.   Roll 6 dice on the Climate Shift table below to adjust the Crown’s Climate.
           5.   The Crown will vote for or against a law depending on their voting plan (last page). The Crown receives votes from
                their enterprises and additional free votes based on the size of their personal treasury (see below). If voting against
                the law, the Crown becomes the Opposition Leader.
           6.   You cannot vote against a law (you may abstain). You receive votes from your enterprises, and you can gain an
                additional vote for each £1 you spend from your personal treasury.
           7.   If the law has 0 or more net votes, it passes. You gain a Law Passed marker, implement the law’s instructions (the
                effects may be ongoing), and implement the law’s policy (see below).
           8.   If the law has -1 or fewer votes, it fails. Discard the law, resolving any “If Failed” effects. The Crown becomes Prime
                Minister and shifts the policy wheel one space left or right and implements that policy (see Policy Selection below).

If the Crown is Prime Minister
           1.   Roll 6 dice on the Climate Shift table below to adjust the Crown’s Climate.
           2.   The Crown draws Law cards up to the number shown on the AI card, and chooses the last card drawn (if a Dilemma!
                is drawn, it must immediately be chosen).




           3.   The Crown will rotate the PM wheel in either direction, stopping at the first policy which matches the chosen Law
                card. The card will choose which direction to rotate based on the Policy Selection rules below.
           4.   Set the initial number of Votes indicated on the law card.
           5.   The Crown will vote for or against a law depending on their voting plan (last page). The Crown may vote against a
                law while Prime Minister. The Crown receives votes from their enterprises and additional free votes based on the size
                of their personal treasury (see below).
           6.   You may vote for or against the law (or abstain). You receive votes from your enterprises, and you can gain an
                additional vote for each £1 you spend from your personal treasury.
           7.   The player with the most votes against the law becomes Opposition Leader (no change if tied).
           8.   If the law has 0 or more net votes, it passes. The Crown gains a Law Passed marker, implement the law’s instructions
                (the effects may be ongoing), and implement the law’s policy (see below).
           9.   If the law has -1 or fewer votes, it fails. Discard the law, resolving any “If Failed” effects. The player who cast the
                most votes against the law becomes Prime Minister (this may be the Crown!). If tied, the Opposition Leader becomes
                Prime Minister. The new PM shifts the policy wheel one space left or right and implements that policy (see Crown
                Policy Selection below).

Extra Crown Votes (Based on the amount of money in the Crown’s treasury)




Climate Shift Table (Roll 6 dice and compare the number of successes with the current Company Standing – perform as many
of the listed rightward shifts as possible, followed by as many leftward shifts as possible)
                                                          Company Standing
    Successes          £4                £6              £8             £10              £12            £14             £16
       0                                                                                                                  
       1                                                                                                               
       2                                                                                                           
       3                                                                                                       
       4                                                                                                   
       5                                                                                               
       6                                                                                            
                                                                   18
