14. Trade
Presidents attempt to fill open orders, starting from their home port and continuing through connected open orders. Each President
may only perform one successful Trade per turn. It is not allowed to fill an order in another Presidency’s home region.
         1.   The President declares which regions they will trade in, starting from their home region and including regions
              connected via open orders. The total number of orders crossed cannot exceed the number of ships in their sea zone.
         2.   Make a check: Spend any amount of money from the President’s treasury and roll one die per £1 spent. Roll one die
              less for each region traded in beyond the President’s home region.
         3.   If successful: For each ship in the President’s sea zone, place a Writer (or ‘Filled Order’ token if none remaining) on
              an open, empty order in a declared region. Filled orders must start from the Presidency’s home port, and must be
              placed adjacent to other filled orders after that.
                   a. For each filled order, add the amount listed to the Company Balance.
                   b. The President player gets £1 for each filled order.
                   c. Each player gets £1 for each of their Writers placed on an order.

If You Are President


If the Crown is President
The Crown will spend the money necessary to roll the number of dice listed below. They will first attempt the highest value trade
route, but will trade in fewer regions if they cannot reach the required number of dice listed below. Then, if there are treasury funds
remaining, the Crown will spend up to £3 additional on the Trade action.




When filling orders, the Crown prefers the highest-value trade route. If tied in value, the Crown prefers:
    1.   Home region orders
    2.   Orders closest to home region
    3.   Most southerly equidistant orders
The Crown places their own Writers before placing your Writers.




If the Firm is Trading
Compare the firm’s Initiative with the Company’s Initiative (number of ships in sea zone minus number of trade successes rolled).
Conduct trade from lowest to highest Initiative (President breaks ties – the Crown will choose the Company first). If the Company
is not trading, conduct firm trading after any Commander and/or Governor actions.
     Firms fill orders in the same way as the Company, but they do not roll less dice for crossing borders, they do not use Writers
      (use ‘Filled Order’ tokens instead), they fill a number of orders equal to the number of their ships plus one, and the may
      fill orders in another Presidency’s home region.
     The firm and the Company may fill orders previously filled by the other, but they only receive half the value of the order
      (round down).
Add money generated from filled orders to the firm’s India treasury. Increase the firm’s Value marker 1 space for each £6 added to
the Firm’s India treasury this turn.




                                                                  14
