15. Superintendent of Trade in China
The Superintendent’s treasury contains only ships, which can be sent there by the Manager of Shipping or Director of Trade.

Trade in China
Up to once per turn, and only if the Company controls a region with opium icons, roll a die for each ship in the Superintendent’s
treasury. If successful, for each opium icon in Company-controlled regions: Player gets £1 and Company Balance increases by £4.

If the Crown is Superintendent
The Crown will roll as many dice as possible, so long as they will roll the minimum number of dice listed below.




16. Bonuses
Players gain £1 for each Shipyard with a fitted ship and each non-invested Workshop they own. Additional bonuses may apply.



17. Firm Revenue
1. Firm Expenses and Dissolution
The firm must spend money from the London and/or India treasury to pay expenses:
     £1 for each ship owned by the firm.
     The higher of: £1 for each firm share or £ equal to the firm’s value.
If a firm cannot pay its expenses, it can seek emergency investments or be dissolved.
     Emergency Investments: A player may invest Company Shares (not if it was created this turn, nor if Company Standing
      and/or Debt is on a lined space) and/or non-invested Workshops (flip them to invested). For each emergency investment,
      add £5 to the firm’s London treasury, and the investing player places a family member in the firm’s Shares box (unless
      there are already 10 shares present). After all expenses are paid, remove any leftover money in the firm’s treasury and
      reduce the firm’s value by 1 space for each emergency investment received this turn.

         The Crown will not invest in a firm seeking emergency investment.




     Dissolution: Move each share piece to the Debtor’s Prison. Return all firm ships to their Shipyards. Flip the firm board to
      its family side. Any Workshops invested in the firm remain invested.

2. Firm Dividends
You may choose to pay dividends from the firm’s India treasury. To pay a dividend, you must pay each player £1 per firm share
they own, and pay yourself (the firm manager) an additional £1. You may choose to not pay any number of your own shares.




Record the total amount of money paid out in dividends by placing the firm’s dividend cube on the Company Balance track. If the
firm did not pay out dividends and chose the ‘Hobnobbing’ strategy, keep the dividend cube in its current space. Otherwise, set the
dividend cube to zero.
Move any money remaining in the firm’s India treasury to their London treasury.




                                                                15
