Crown Policy Selection
The Crown chooses a policy where they have the greatest advantage / least disadvantage in enterprises compared with you (for
Tax, where they will pay relatively less than you). Break ties with the AI card (counter)clockwise arrows.




Policies
                      Each player must pay £1 for each of the listed enterprise they own, or they lose that enterprise. If a
                      Shipyard with a fitted ship is lost, the ship remains in play, but the Shipyard cannot be reclaimed.*
                      If a Window Tax is indicated, each player must also pay £1 for each Window on their family members’
                      prizes and enterprises. If the tax cannot be paid, the asset is lost (return the family member to supply). *

                      Each player gains £1 for each of the listed enterprise they own.

                     Swap the positions of the indicated Power marker and the next higher marker on the Power track. If
                     already in the highest position, swap the positions of any other 2 Power markers (The Crown will swap the
                     2 lowest Power markers in this case).
*The Crown will use ‘Royal Privilege’ as needed to pay taxes (see below).

Royal Privilege
If the Crown cannot afford to pay a tax, they will use funds from the Company Balance. The Crown will force the Company to take
emergency loans as required. In this case, if the Crown is Chairman, they will always discard ‘Royal Protection’ if it is available.

21. Upkeep and Refresh
1. Upkeep
Each player must pay the upkeep cost for each family member’s prize or lose that prize (and its VP). The Crown will use Royal
Privilege as needed to pay their upkeep (see above).

2. Refresh
         1.   Return all Writers to their associated Presidency.




         2.   Return any Filled Order tokens to supply.
         3.   Return Extra Ships to supply.
         4.   Return exhausted Officers/Regiments to active. Active local alliances become exhausted.
         5.   Advance the turn marker and begin the next turn.

22. Game End & Scoring
The game ends at the end of the last turn of the scenario, or immediately if the Company fails. Proceed to final scoring:
    1.   Base Victory Points: Players score VPs for retirement prizes, luxuries and spouses.
    2.   Power Award: The player with the most Power scores the higher VP according to the final game turn. Power comes from:
                Each Share/Workshop/Luxury/Shipyard is worth 0-2 Power according to the Power track.
                +1 Power for each passed law and trophy.
                Blackmail cards in your player area may provide Power. (Check the Crown’s Blackmail cards now).
                The player who is Prime Minister gains +2 Power.
    3.   Court & Workshops: If the Company survived, each share is worth the VP value noted in the Court. If the Company
         failed, Shares are worth negative VP and players score 1 VP for each Workshop they own.
    4.   Firms: For each firm share, gain/lose VP according to the firm’s value. Lose 1 VP per family member in Debtor’s Prison.
    5.   Final Retirement: If the Company survived, make one final Attrition roll and retire any pensioners (do not gain any
         Prestige cards). Regardless of Company success, shareholders in a firm may also perform a final special retirement.
         [Hard/Expert/Legendary: The Crown will spend as much as possible on final retirements.]
    6.   Consequences of Failure: If the Company failed, draw a
         Company failure card and resolve it.
    7.   Finally, if the Company failed, you (not the Crown) adjust
         your VP according to the table to the right.
    8.   The player with the most VP (even if negative) is the winner!
         (Break ties with most Windows, then Prime Minister).


                                                                   19
