2. New Company Shares                                               of the Value track and add £5 to the firm’s London treasury
If the Company has Debt, move the right-most family member          from the bank. You are the firm’s manager.
on the Stock track to the Court box and lower Debt by 1.
                                                                    2. Firm Investments
Repeat this until there is no more Debt. If family members
                                                                    Any player may invest in a firm. To do so, either return a
remain on the Stock track, slide them to the right-most empty
                                                                    Company share to their supply or flip a Workshop to invested.
space on the Track, preserving their order.
                                                                         A player cannot invest Company shares if the
After new Company shares are resolved, you may:
                                                                          Company Standing and/or Debt is on a lined space,
                                                                          or if the Company share was created this turn.
                                                                    When a player invests, they add a family member to the firm’s
                                                                    Shares box and add £5 to its London treasury from the bank.
                                                                         A firm can only have 10 shares. Any further
                                                                          investments provide the £5, but no shares.

          Take a Company Share from the Crown.                      After player investments, the Crown might invest in your firm
                                                                    if they have the majority of Company shares. The Crown will
                                                                    invest a Company share (if able) or a Workshop (otherwise).
                                                                    The Crown will never invest in a firm if they would acquire the
                                                                    majority of that firm’s shares.



          Give a Company Share to the Crown.




           Take a Firm Share from the Crown.
                                                                    3. Acquiring Ships
                                                                    You can spend money from the London treasury to fit player
                                                                    ships (£3 each to bank) and/or buy player ships from the
                                                                    Company (£3 if unfatigued, £2 if fatigued, money to the
                                                                    Shipping Office’s treasury). In any case, you need the ship
                                                                    owner’s consent to acquire their ship. Place acquired ships on
  Give a Firm Share to the Crown (never to give majority).          your firm board.




3. Firms
1. Creating a Firm
If the Deregulation law has passed and you do not own a firm,       4. Hostile Takeovers & Mergers
you can form a firm by returning a Company share to your            These actions will never occur in a solo game.
supply or flipping a Workshop to its invested side.
                                                                    5. Firm Strategy
     You cannot use Company shares if the Company
                                                                    Select a Firm Strategy card to set which Presidency your firm
      Standing and/or Debt is on a lined space, or if the
                                                                    will trade in, and transfer as much money as you want from
      Company share was created this turn (it is ‘weak’).
                                                                    the London treasury to the Trade Bid box. If you do not wish
The Crown never creates private firms, and you must spend           to trade (or have no ships), select the ‘Hobnob’ card and do
promise cubes to start a private firm.                              not transfer any money.

                                                                    6. Firm Dissolution
                                                                    You may dissolve the firm following the steps in the Firm
                                                                    Revenue phase. The Crown always grants consent for firm
                                                                    dissolution.
When you form a firm, flip your family board, place a family
member in the Shares box, place a cube on the leftmost space

                                                                3
