18. Company Revenue
1. Expenses
Reduce Company Balance by £1 for each Company Debt, Regiment, Officer (not Commanders!) and Ship in a sea zone.
     Emergency Loans: If the Company cannot pay expenses, emergency loans must be taken: Advance the Debt marker (if
      able) and add £5 to the Company Balance, repeating as needed. Once all expenses are paid, set Company Balance to zero
      and reduce Company Standing by 1 space (if 1-2 loans were taken) or 2 spaces (if 3+ loans were taken).
     If there are emergency loans, the Crown will always discard Royal Protection if they are Chairman and it is available.

2. Check Expectations
Lower Company Standing by 1 space if Company Balance is less than the Expectations value listed beneath the Company Standing.

3. Pay Dividends
The Chairman may pay out Dividends: Lower Company Balance equal to the number of shares, and each player gains £1 per share
they own. Multiple dividends may be paid.

If the Crown is Chairman
The Crown will always pay 1 dividend if able, and will pay more if they can keep a minimum Company Balance of:




4. Company Standing
If the total amount of money paid out in dividends exceeded Expectations, advance Company Standing by 1 space.

19. Events in India
Roll the Storm die.

1. Storms
Roll a die for each player-owned ship (including firms) in the rolled sea zone(s) (ships in the China treasury are in the East):
     1-2: No effect.
     3-4: Flip the ship to fatigued. If already fatigued, return the ship (face-up) to its Shipyard.
     5-6: Return the ship (face-up) to its Shipyard.

2. Events
Draw and resolve Event cards, one at a time, until the number rolled on the Storm die is reached.
     Writer Loss: When an order with a Writer on it is closed, return that Writer to their supply.
     Cascade: If required to close an order in a region where all orders are already closed, Cascade occurs. Close all open orders
      connected to that region. If a connected order is already closed, close the northern-most open order in that region. If all
      orders in that region are already closed, trigger an additional Cascade. Each region may only Cascade once per event.
Crisis     Use Elephant position to determine the Crisis type and follow flowchart on next page.
           Roll Storm die: Resolve an invasion in each of Bombay/Madras/Bengal adjacent to rolled sea zone(s) (top of deck
 Foreign   region if ‘4’ rolled). For each, follow Invasion steps, but roll a die for attack strength. If invasion succeeds: Close all
 Invasion orders and set tower level = ½ invasion strength (round down); If Elephant is inside a conquered Company-
           controlled region, point it out across the ⚫ shape (otherwise, leave it in place).
 Leader    Check region on top of deck: Sovereign? Add 1 Tower. Dominated? Resolve rebellion (see flowchart).
           If Elephant connects 2 regions, remove connected closed orders and add 1 tower in each. Then move Elephant to
 Peace
           If Elephant is inside a region, open all closed orders and remove any unrest there.                region on top of deck.*
 Shuffle   Move Elephant to region on top of deck.* Shuffle this card into deck. Shuffle discards and place on top of deck.
 Turmoil Close northern-most order in region on top of deck. If all closed, perform Cascade.
 Windfall Players gain £1 per Writer in/adjacent to region on top of deck.
*When moving the Elephant, place it inside the region if Company-controlled, else on border shape (facing capital if dominated).
                                                                16
