     Favors and Promise Cubes
     In most phases, promise cubes can be exchanged to/from the Crown in a closed
     economy via a favor. There are two kinds of favors: favors that require you to
     pay promise cubes to the Crown (indicated with a red box) and favors that
     force the Crown to give you promise cubes (indicated with a blue box). Most
     favors are listed in the Crown Handbook. Favors have two critical restrictions:
          M Favors are only available during the resolution of the indicated phase
            or step.
          M You may perform favors as many times as you wish, but you may never
            perform a favor you cannot fully pay, though you can perform a favor
            that will gain you less promise cubes than are available from the Crown.
     Some additional favors are listed on the Crown’s family board. Unlike favors in
     the Crown Handbook, these favors can be taken at any time during the timing
     window described on the Crown’s family board.
     Here are some examples of favors:


      +1                Fit a Crown ship.




       -1               Fit a specific ship.

     In the first example, you may gain one promise cube for each ship owned by the Crown
     that you fit. In the second, you may pay one promise cube to the Crown in order to get the
     Manager of Shipping (if under Crown control) to fit one of your ships.
     Some favors have darker boxes with a bold outline. These favors are mandatory
     and must be performed if the conditions are met.

     Clarifications for the Crown
     The word “most” refers to having comparatively more or equal of something,
     with a minimum of 1. The word “fewest” refers to having comparatively less or
     equal of something, and includes zero.
     If the Crown faces more than one option, the soloist (or the player holding the
     Button) may make a free choice between them when the rules do not otherwise
     make a distinction.
     The “longest” and “shortest” trade route refers to the maximum
     number of orders a President could fill in one go, irrespective
     of number of ships.




46
