   The next section is only used when players are playing games with Deregulation.


Deregulation
These rules are in play during the 1813 scenario. In addition, they may be
triggered if players vote to deregulate the Company during the long 1710
scenario or the 1758 scenario.

Firms
Players may now own shares in and manage firms. Firms can trade in India
independently of the Company and provide shareholders with alternate ways
to score victory points.

      The Two Firm Treasuries
      Each firm has two treasury boxes: the London treasury and the India
      treasury.

           M London Treasury. The London treasury is used to pay expenses
             and fit new ships. Any cash raised from investments is placed
             in this treasury. Note: players may not transfer cash in their family
             treasury to or from firm treasuries!
           M India Treasury. The India treasury holds revenue gained from
             trade in India. This treasury is used to pay dividends and
             expenses. Any remainder is then transferred to the London
             treasury.

      Dissolving a Firm
      If all shareholders consent, a firm may be dissolved following the firm
      dissolution rules described later (page 41).

      Special Retirement
      During the London Season phase, each player with at least one firm share
      may take one additional retirement using a piece from their supply instead
      of a pensioner. The total amount of money spent for this retirement
        cannot exceed the value of the highest total dividend paid out by a
         firm in which they own a share. This retirement is otherwise like any
         other retirement a player can make with a pensioner. Note: even if a
         player owns shares in multiple firms, only one special retirement can be taken!
        Furthermore, note that discounts on spouses can be used to retire on prizes with
           a value higher than the dividend paid by a firm.

           M Disreputable Firms. A firm that has not yet placed its dividend
             cube or that has its dividend cube on the zero space may not be
             used for any special retirement.

                Firms in Final Scoring
               At the start of Final Scoring, players will score or lose the number
               of victory points indicated by the firm’s value for each firm
              share they own or each family piece they have in Debtor’s Prison.
             After totaling victory points earned, any remaining fractions are
           rounded down.

           Then, regardless of Company success or failure, shareholders may
           perform one special retirement before proceeding with the rest of
           Final Scoring. Note: as this is not a London Season phase, no cards are
            taken from the London Season Display.                                          37
