                                        TRADING WITH FIRMS
     The President of Madras (Pink) is
     about to begin Presidency operations.
                                                                                Filled
     Green’s firm reveals that their strategy
     is set on the South Indian Ocean with
     £4. Green rolls and is successful. They
     have 2 ships and rolled 3 successes
     so they announce that their initiative
     value is -1. That’s a very good result!
                                                                                             Filled
     The President resumes their operation
     and later decides to Trade and declares
     two regions outside of their home and
     rolls 5 dice (spending £7). Their initiative
     value is 2 (4 ships minus 2 successes).

                                                       Filled

     Orders are filled in initiative order. Green’s
     firm fills the two orders in Madras and the
     one in Hyderabad (£16 total). Remember: firms
     fill one more order than they have ships! Green            9
                                                                £
     then advances their Value marker 2 spaces
     (1 for every £6 generated in Trade) and the
     £16 is added to the firm’s India treasury.
     The President goes next. They fill those same orders but only take half of their value and
     fill an additional order in Maratha with their last ship (£9 total). The President then takes
     their bonus of £4 and each writer placed generates £1 (£2 for Yellow, £1 for Pink).


Firm Expenses and Dividends
At the start of the Revenue phase, before the Company pays expenses, firms will pay expenses
and dividends in initiative order followed by all other firms with any ties broken by their
Manager’s windows and then clockwise starting with the Prime Minister.

      Firm Expenses and Dissolution
      Each firm must pay for the following expenses:

            Ƙ Pay £1 for each ship on the firm’s charter.
            Ƙ Pay £1 for each share in the firm’s Share box or pay £ equal to the firm value,
              whichever is higher.
      Expenses can be paid from a firm’s London and/or India treasury.

      If a firm cannot pay expenses it must be dissolved. Move each share piece to the
      Debtor’s Prison box on the Deregulation card (pieces here lower a player’s score by one
      victory point). All ships owned by the firm are returned to their matching shipyard. The
      manager of the firm then flips their firm’s charter back to the family side. Note: any
      workshops invested in the firm will remain on their invested side for the rest of the game!

            M Emergency Investments. A firm facing dissolution may receive investments
              from any player and use that money to cover expenses following the Court and
              Workshops Investment rules (page 38). Any cash remaining after expenses are
              paid is lost. Finally, lower the firm’s value by 1 space per emergency investment
              received. Note: if a firm has 10 shares, it is still possible to invest in a firm, but no new
              shares are generated.
            M Emergency Mergers. A firm facing dissolution may participate in a negotiated
              merger with one other firm at this time. As part of the merger, the other firm
              must first pay their own expenses (if it hasn’t already done so), and pay any
              outstanding expenses owed by the firm facing dissolution.
                                                                                                              41
