     VII. Events in India
     During this phase, roll the storm die, resolve any storms and then resolve a
     number of events in India during which the political and economic landscape of
     India will shift and Company-controlled regions may face Rebellion.

     The Storm Die
     Roll the storm die. The resulting face indicates which ships are subject to storms
     and how many events occur in India.
          M Storms. If one of the three sea zones is rolled, roll a die for each ship in
            that sea zone except Company and Extra ships. If the die face with three
            storms is rolled, you must check for all sea zones.
             On a 1 or 2, nothing happens to the ship. On a 3 or 4, flip the ship to its
             fatigued side. If the ship is already fatigued, the ship is sunk and should
             be returned to its shipyard. On a 5 or 6, the ship is sunk and returned to
             its shipyard. When a ship is returned to a shipyard, it should be flipped
             to its non-fatigued side.
          M Events in India. After resolving any storms, resolve as many events in
            India as indicated by the number on the storm die. For each event in
            India, flip one tile from the draw stack. These events will often open or
            close orders, alter a region’s strength, and may lead to Cascades. The
            location of the event often depends on the back of the top tile in the
            India draw stack.

                                            FLIPPING AN EVEN T

                                         TURMOIL



                                      Close northernmost open order.
                                     If all are closed, perform Cascade
                                    (close orders in connected regions).




                      The newly drawn event tile is Turmoil. This will occur in the region
                      of Maratha as this card is now the top tile of the draw stack.



             Writer Loss
             When resolving events, orders sometimes become closed. If a writer is
             on such an order, the writer is returned to its owner’s supply. If the order
             has a filled order token, flip it instead.

             Cascade
             If you are ever required to close an order but all orders in that region are
             already closed, a Cascade occurs. Close all open orders connected to the
             orders in that region. When doing this, if a connected order is already
             closed, close the northernmost open order in that region instead. If every
             order in that region is already closed, trigger an additional Cascade.

             Each region can only Cascade once during the resolution of each event
             tile. However, a region may receive the effects of more than one Cascade
             per tile. In other words, while a region might be “flooded” by closed
             orders from more than one region, it can only “overflow” once.


28
