    Components
    The Board
    John Company’s board has four main areas. On the far left there are five prize boxes
    where players will score the majority of their points. The middle left contains tracks
    which show the Company’s health and boxes to hold various pieces and cards.
    The map on the right side displays the political status and potential profitability
    of India. Lastly, there is a red ribbon which starts in
    the top left and proceeds along the bottom edge of
    the map, ending in the Bay of Bengal. This ribbon
    charts the course of play through the game’s phases
    and the operations of the different company offices.

    Rulebooks and Aids
    There are two main rulebooks: this one and the
    Crown Handbook which is used for the solo and two-player play. The game also
    includes two large player aids and two small player aid cards.

    Player Pieces
    Each of the game’s six families has several game pieces, including 18 family
    members, 1 victory point marker, 5 promise cards, 1 glass opportunity
    marker, a family board, 2 firm cubes and 4 firm strategy cards.
    A player’s family members are their most important resource and will be
    used in the game to mark many things, including their control of various
                                                                                                                  Take

    company positions, their shares in the Company, and the vast estates they
                                                                                                         ofrom
                                                                                                             icehme.
                                                                                                    less ff             m
                                                                                       Take £2 or                 older y
                                                                                                                       ’s bo
                                                                                                 Benyly
                                                                                            GUAR ANTE
                                                                                                            GU
                                                                                                      ED BY THEus.
                                                                                                               AR
                                                                                                               AN            n

                                                                                           Walsh Fami
                                                                                                                    TE ED

                                                                                                      on Fa
    have purchased.
                                                                                                                            BY
                                                                                                                                 TH
                                                                                                                                      E

                                                                                                            mily



    India Pieces
    John Company uses several different types of pieces to track the
    political fortunes of India. There are 20 tower levels and 8 domes,
    one for each region. There are 3 sets of metal flags, which are used to
    track the size of the empires which might emerge on the subcontinent.
    Events are resolved using a set of 20 event tiles. There are 8 control/
    loot tokens used to track which regions have been looted by the
    Company and the Presidency associated with them. Finally, there is a
    resin Elephant used to indicate a looming political Crisis.                    7
                                                                                   £




    Wooden Pawns and Other Cubes                                                       £5
    There are 6 pawns in three colors which are used as markers to indicate
    the status of various tracks. Red pawns mark Company Standing,
    Balance, and Debt. Black pawns mark the game turn and votes. The silver pawn
    can be used to keep track of the current phase. There are 30 orange cubes that
    are used to mark fatigue when placed on office cards and unrest when placed on
    Company-controlled regions. The 12 red Crown promise cubes are used in the
    solo and two-player game.

    Money Supply
    The game includes coins in the following denominations and quantities: £1 (40),
    £2 (20), £5 (20), and £10 (10). The bank is unlimited, but these coins should cover
    almost every circumstance.

    Crown AI Cards and Board
    There are 10 Crown AI cards and a Crown board which are used in the solo and
2   two-player games.
