Acquiring Ships as a Firm
A firm manager may spend cash from the firm’s London treasury to the
bank to fit ships on shipyards which are placed on the firm’s charter.
Each costs £3. Unlike the Company, a firm manager may only fit ships
with the consent of shipyard owner.

     M Player-owned Company Ship Buyback. A firm manager may
       buy any player-owned ship in the Company with its owner’s
       consent by spending cash from the firm’s London treasury.
       An unfatigued ship costs £3 and a fatigued ship costs £2. Any
       money spent should be added to the Shipping office’s treasury.
Note: unlike the Company, firms may not acquire Company ships or extra ships.

Hostile Takeovers
If you do not manage a firm and have the consent of players who
collectively hold a majority of a firm’s shares, you may initiate a hostile
takeover. Flip your board to its firm charter side. Place your two firm
cubes on the tracks in the matching spaces as the firm you are taking
over. Move any ships, treasury funds, and shares to your board. The
previous owner then returns their cubes to their supply and returns their
firm charter to the family side.

Mergers
Firm managers may consolidate any number of firms into a single firm
through a negotiated merger.

In a merger, the highest value firm among those merging will be the
primary firm (if there is a tie, the players will pick from among those
tied). This firm will remain after the merger is completed. The other firms
in the merger are called secondary firms.

As part of a merger, players may negotiate for the transfer of firm shares
to other players. If the primary firm would have more than ten shares
after merger, any excess shares must be returned to their owner’s supply
with their owner’s consent.

In order for a negotiated merger to take place, all involved firms must
have the full consent of every shareholder. All merger negotiations are
considered a single immediate transfer (and therefore binding).

After a merger is agreed to, all secondary firms
transfer and consolidate their treasuries,
shareholders, and ships into a single firm.
Then, the secondary
firms flip to their
family side.




                                                                                39
