Empires
When a region conquers another region, it either forms an empire or expands its
existing empire. All empires are composed of one capital region (marked by a
flag with a star) and at least one dominated region (marked by a smaller version
of that flag). Empires combine the strengths of their regions when attacking
and defending in many situations, as described later in the rules.
     M Empire Decline. If an empire is ever reduced to only its capital region,
       return its flag to the supply. It is no longer an empire.


                        READING INDIA EXAMPLE

                                                The order on the right will
                                                generate £7 if filled by a
                                                President. (The small number
                                                is used in deregulation.)


                                                                   Orders covered by a closed
                                       £   7                       order token cannot be filled.

                                               On this map there is one empire whose
                                               capital is Hyderabad and extends into
                                               Mysore. Its combined strength is 3 (2+1).

                                               Bombay is a sovereign region with a strength of 0.

                                               Madras is currently controlled by the
                                               Company and has its Governor sitting on
                                               a Governor overlay. Its strength depends
                                               on the status of the Army of Madras.

                                               Currently there are 2 unrest cubes in Madras
        £5                                     which will increase the strength of attacks
                                               against the Company in that region.

                                               Hyderabad and Mysore also still have
                                               loot tokens, which are taken only           £   5 £7
                                               after their conquest.




The Looming Crisis (The Elephant)
India is always faced with a looming Crisis. This is represented by the Elephant
and its position and direction on the map. The Elephant is always in play.
It indicates one of two types of Crisis:
     Ƙ Impending Invasions. When the Elephant is placed on a border
       between two regions, the acting region (with the Elephant’s tail) is
       getting ready to invade the region the Elephant faces.
     Ƙ Impending Rebellions. If the Elephant is in the center of a region or
       facing the region that dominates it, the acting region is getting ready
       to rebel against its sovereign.
Invasions and Rebellions are described in detail in the Events in India phase.

                                                                                                      7
