                                                 Attacks Against the Company
                                                 Both Invasions and Rebellions against Company-controlled regions are
                                                 resolved the same way. Whenever attacked by any type of Crisis, the
                                                 Company must resolve the Crisis (called the primary Crisis) and then must
                                                 resolve an additional Rebellion Crisis in each other region with unrest
                                                 cubes using the following rules:

                                                    Ƙ Order of Resolution. Always resolve the primary Crisis first. Then,
                                                      starting with the Commander of the Army of Bombay and proceeding
                                                      downwards, each Commander resolves attacks in regions associated
                                                      with their Presidency in any order.
                                                        M Vacant Commander. If the Commander is vacant, Military
                                                          Affairs will act in its stead (choosing which pieces to exhaust etc.) If
                                                          that office is also vacant, the Chairman will choose. The player
                                                          acting as Commander will not lose or gain trophies.
                                                    Ƙ Attack Strength. In the primary Crisis, calculate strength depending
                                                      on the Crisis type (Invasion or Rebellion). In addition, add one to
                                                      the strength for every unrest in this region. In other regions, the
                                                      strength of each Rebellion is equal to the number of unrest in that
                                                      region.
                                                    Ƙ Mounting Defense. The Commander associated with the region
                                                      must exhaust pieces in the Army equal to the strength of the Crisis
                                                      or as many as possible. If the newly-exhausted pieces do not equal
                                                      the strength of the Crisis, the Crisis succeeds. Perform the steps of
                                                      Region Loss (page 29).
                                                        If the attack failed, remove all unrest in the attacked region and the
                                                        Commander associated with the region should take a trophy token.
                                                    M Failed and Successful Invasions. If the primary Crisis was an
                                                      Invasion that failed, remove one tower level from the attacking
                                                      region if possible. If it was successful follow the rules of empire
                                                      creation and growth as described on the previous page.

                                               Foreign Invasion
         FOREIGN                               Roll the storm die and resolve an Invasion Crisis and/or Attack against the
         INVASION
                                               Company in each region linked to a storm (Bombay for West Indian, Madras for
Roll storm die and resolve an Invasion in
 each region linked to a storm. (If none,
use top event card.) For each, roll a die to
 determine strength. If this region falls,
                                               South Indian, and Bengal for East Indian). If all storms are rolled, resolve this
                                               event once in each. If no storms are rolled, resolve this event in the region on
     close every order there and set its
         strength to half of the die
            roll (round down).




                                               the top card of the draw stack instead.

                                               For each event, roll a die. Treat this like an Invasion with strength equal to
                                               the roll. In addition to those rules, if the Foreign Invasion is successful:

                                                    Ƙ Close every open order in the region. If all orders are already closed,
                                                      perform a Cascade.
                                                    Ƙ Return any flag on this region’s dome to the supply. If it was a capital,
                                                      return all flags of that color to the supply. If Company-controlled,
                                                      return its dome to the board. In any case, set the region’s strength
                                                      to half the strength of the Invasion (round down).
                                                    M Elephant Redirect. If the Elephant was fully within a Company-
                                                      controlled region that was invaded, perform an Elephant’s March
                                                      using for the shape. (Otherwise this event does not move the Elephant.)
                                                                                                                                     33
