V. Bonuses
During this phase, players collect bonuses. Every player should take £1 for each
shipyard with a fitted ship and each workshop they own.


VI. Revenue
During the Revenue phase, the Company will pay expenses, check expectations,
and then pay dividends.
During this phase, the Company’s Standing will often be adjusted. If the
Standing marker is moved to the leftmost position of the Standing track, the
Company has failed. Go to the Final Scoring immediately (page 9).

Expenses
First, lower the Company Balance marker by £1 for each debt as indicated by
the Company Debt track, each regiment and officer in an Army (do not include
Commanders), and each ship in the three sea zones.
     M Emergency Loans. If the Company cannot pay its expenses, emergency
       loans must be taken to cover those expenses. For each emergency loan
       taken, move the Company Debt marker one space to the right and
       add £5 to the Company Balance track. If the Company Debt marker
       is already on the rightmost space, you still take out emergency loans
       but do not advance the Company Debt marker further. Do this until
       all expenses have been met. Emergency loan advancements of the
       Company Debt marker do not incur expenses during this game turn.
       Finally, set the Company Balance to zero.
     M Public Embarrassment. Lower the Company’s Standing one space to
       the left if one or two emergency loans were taken this turn. Lower it
       two spaces if three or more emergency loans were taken this turn.

Check Expectations
Next, lower the Company’s Standing one space to the left if the Company
Balance is less than the Expectations value listed beneath the Company’s
Standing.

Pay Dividends
Finally, the Chairman may pay out dividends.
The cost of each dividend is equal to the number of Company shares. When
a dividend is paid, lower the Balance by an amount equal to the number of
Company shares. Each player takes £1 for each of their Company shares.
Multiple dividends may be paid. Remember: the Chairman counts as a Company
share for dividends.
     M Public Enthusiasm. Advance Standing one space to the right if more
       total cash was paid in dividends than Expectations.




                                                                                   27
