Region Loss
Attacks against the Company can trigger the loss of a Company-controlled
region. When this occurs, follow these steps:

     1. Tarnish the Commander’s Name. The Commander of the Army
        associated with this region returns half (rounding up) of the trophies
        their family owns to the supply e.g. a player with 3 trophies would lose 2.
        Return the Commander to its supply.

     2. Officer Rout. Roll a die for every officer in the Army and remove it if
        the roll is a 6.

     3. Governor Elimination. If this region has a Governor, return it to the
        unused offices stack and return the officeholder’s family member to that
        player’s supply. Any fatigue on the office card is returned to the supply.

     4. Restore Local Authority. Remove the Governor overlay, any Company
        ship, and any unrest in the region, and place a dome back in the region
        with one tower level (place the appropriate flag if this region fell as part
        of a successful Invasion Crisis). Place the region’s control token back in
        its region with the loot side facedown (it will not generate additional loot
        in the future and is no longer associated with the Presidency). If triggered
        by an Invasion Crisis, close every open order in the region, resolving
        a Cascade if all are already closed. Note: this closing only occurs in an
        Invasion Crisis because a Foreign Invasion and Rebellion close orders by default.

     5. Company Humiliation. Lower the Company’s Standing by one to the
        left for each region lost this turn (including this region). E.g. The first lost
        region lowers Standing by 1 space, the second lowers Standing an additional 2
        spaces, etc. This can cause Company failure. If this happens the game is
        over. Finish the Events in India phase, then resolve Final Scoring.

                                     REGION LOSS EXAMPLE
The event is a Crisis with a strength modifier of +3. The Elephant is pointing at Bengal,
which is currently Company-controlled, so the Crisis is an Attack on the Company (all of the
different Crisis events are described in detail on pages 32-33). The total strength of the attack is 8
(3 for the event tile, 2 for the attacker’s region, and 3 for the 3 unrest cubes. The Commander
of Bengal’s Army has 2 officers, 2 regiments, and the Jagat Seths. They have a collective
strength of 6, and cannot mount a successful defense. The Commander (Pink) exhausts the
entire Army and the region is then lost. A new empire is born with Maratha as capital.
The Commander then loses half (round up) of their
trophies. They have 3 trophies, so they must lose 2. The
Commander is then returned to their family’s supply.
Next, each player rolls a die for each officer in the
Army associated with the region. Pink rolls 1 die and
Yellow rolls 1. Yellow rolls a 6 and must lose an officer.

                           2          Next, the region is cleaned up and restored to local
                       Jagat Seths

                           £   4      authority. The Governor and its office card are returned to
                                      their supply. The Governor overlay and unrest is added to
                                      the supply. The region’s control token is returned to the
                                      region. Note: a region only generates its loot bonus once!

Finally, every order in the region is then closed and a
dome with one level is placed in the region. Finally, the
Company lowers its Standing. This is the first region
loss this turn so the Company’s Standing is lowered by
one. Note: as this was an Attack on the Company, additional
attacks will occur if there are other regions with unrest.
                                                                                                         29
