     Firm Strategy
     After the Firm Investments step, all firm managers must simultaneously and secretly
     decide their trading sea zone and how much money to spend trading.
     First, each firm manager secretly selects which sea zone and home port they intend
     to use in trade and how much cash from their firm’s London treasury they will
     spend in the attempt. They indicate this by placing the matching firm strategy card
     facedown near their player board and placing the money they wish to spend on the
     matching box of the firm board. A firm may select a sea zone as long as they have
     at least one ship, even if the associated home port is closed.
     Firm managers that do not wish to trade may select the “Hobnob” strategy. No
     cash may be placed on this strategy. A firm with this strategy will not trade or pay
     dividends (it must still pay expenses!), but it will allow a firm to keep its previous
     dividend marker for the purposes of special retirements.
     Players should cover any money allocated to their strategy with their hands or by
     any method they agree upon. Once all players have made their decisions, players
     reveal the amount they have spent, however their strategy card should remain
     facedown. Note: firms only get a single trade attempt each turn, so make sure you allocate
     enough!

     Filling Orders as a Firm
     At the start of a Presidency’s Operations (before any actions are taken), any firm with
     a strategy that is associated with that Presidency reveals their strategy and makes a
     check with dice equal to the cash allocated to their strategy. The cash is then paid
     to the bank. If at least one success is rolled, the firm may trade. Each firm that
     successfully trades has an initiative value equal to the total of their ships minus
     the number of successful dice (1s and 2s) they rolled. This number can be negative.
     Orders are filled after the President has made a successful roll while taking the
     Trade action. A President’s roll determines their initiative like a firm and counts all
     ships in their Presidency’s sea zone.
          M Vacant Presidency or Failure to Trade. If the President is vacant or does
            not trade (for any reason), ties in initiative are decided by the Chairman
            marker. Firms with strategies associated with this Presidency fill orders
            after its Commander or Governors have had a chance to act.
     Players then fill orders starting with the firm or Company with the lowest initiative
     and proceeding to the highest. When it is their turn, the President or firm manager
     trading in the associated Presidency fills as many orders as possible. Any ties in
     initiative are decided by the operating President.
     Firms fill a number of open orders up to the number of ships they own plus one.
     Orders must be filled starting with the home port listed on their strategy. When
     filling an order, you must be able to trace a path back to this port through any
     number of orders that you have filled.
     You may only fill each order once. When a firm first fills an order, mark it with a
     filled order token. Then, add the value of the order(s) to your firm’s India treasury.
          M Previously-Filled Orders. Firms may fill orders previously filled this turn
            by other firms or the Company. The Company may fill orders previously
            filled by firms this turn. The filling of a previously-filled order will generate
            half of its listed value, rounding down.
     Finally, advance your firm’s Value marker one space for each £6 you added to the
40   firm’s India treasury this turn.
