     Finishing Setup with Two Players
     Set up as a 3-player game with the Crown set up as one family. Shuffle the 12
     setup cards, each player draws 3 cards, selects 2 to keep, and gives the remaining
     card to the Crown. Repeat this 2 times. Each player and the Crown will have 4
     setup cards.

           The Player Button
           Designate one component or object as the Player Button (this could be
           an unused Crown firm cube or any unused game component). Give the Player
           Button to the player sitting to the right (counter-clockwise) or left
           (clockwise) of the Crown, according to the direction pointed at by the
           finger on the current AI card.

           Each time the Crown must decide between the two players, they will select
           the player holding the Player Button. Likewise, if there is disagreement
           over which of the two players gets to act in a certain situation (e.g. if both
           wish to perform the same favor with the Crown at the same time), the decision
           goes to the player holding the Player Button. In both cases, that player
           must then immediately pass the Player Button to the other player.

           A player holding the Player Button may transfer it to the other player as
           part of a negotiation.


     Difficulty
     You can adjust the difficulty of the Crown as follows:
          Ƙ Easy. 5 promise cards are available to each player, which can be traded
            for promise cubes (see Crown family board).
          Ƙ Normal. Promise cards are not available for trading for promise cubes.
          Ƙ Hard. As Normal, but also give 4 more promise cubes to the Crown (2
            from each player in 2P).
          Ƙ Expert. As Hard, but also give the Crown 3 extra setup cards.

     Before you Begin Play
     Shuffle the AI cards and place the deck facedown; draw and reveal the topmost
     card, placing it faceup to the right of the facedown deck. Set the climate marker
     (use an unused opportunity marker) on the Crown family board, according to
     the icon on the revealed AI card.

     Gameplay
     The Crown Handbook will be used to determine the behavior and interactions
     of the Crown during each game. The Crown’s behavior for any current phase
     is dictated by the Crown Handbook and often affected by the current climate.
     However, players are encouraged to not look beyond the phase they are
     currently in within the Handbook. The Crown’s climate is determined by the
     current AI card and tie breaks are often determined by using the current AI card
     and AI card deck.
     Throughout the game, players can modify the actions of the Crown by spending
     promise cubes. Players can gain promise cubes by acting in ways that are
     beneficial to the Crown. When playing with two players, promise cubes may be
     used in negotiations and traded between players at anytime.

44
