     Commanders
     First, you may request funds from your President to purchase any local alliances
     located in your Army box and shift them to the top of the Army box. The cost of each
     is listed on the alliance piece and is paid from your President’s treasury.
          M Local Alliances. Local alliances are temporary Army pieces. Their strength
            can be used for two purposes: the Deploy action and to defend against
            threats in India during the Events in India phase. Each piece can only be
            used once on the turn they are purchased, and its strength cannot be split
            among more than one purpose.
     Then you may take the Deploy action as many times as you wish and can afford.

            Deploy
            The procedure for deploying is as follows:

                 1. Select a target. You may select your President’s home region, a region
                    associated with your Presidency, or a region that shares a border with
                    a region associated with your Presidency. You cannot target another
                    President’s home region or a Company-controlled region associated
                    with another Presidency. Remember: you cannot take actions that would
                    have no effect if you were successful and therefore you cannot declare a
                    Company-controlled region unless it has at least one closed order or one unrest.

                 2. Make a check. Each officer or regiment you exhaust gives you one
                    die. In addition, each local alliance in your Army you exhaust will
                    give you the number of dice indicated on the piece. To exhaust an
                    officer, regiment, or local alliance, move it to the bottom half of its
                    respective Army box. Subtract the strength of the region from your
                    total number of dice. If the region is part of an empire, also subtract
                    the strength of every region associated with it. Remember: as with any
                    check, if it is unsuccessful, you may attempt it again so long as it did not end
                    in catastrophic failure and you have sufficient resources. Also, note that regions
                    that are Company-controlled never reduce your dice as they have a strength of
                    zero when defending.

                 3. Check for losses. Each player must roll a die for each of their officers
                    that were exhausted in this action (never regiments!). For each 6 rolled,
                    they must return one of their officers to their supply.

                                              DEPLOYING
     The Commander of Madras is taking the Deploy
     action. Their options are Madras (Company-
     controlled), Hyderabad, and Mysore.
     Though Madras has a closed order which a
     Deploy action could open, the Commander
     is looking to make a profit. Mysore would                                                       £   7
     generate £9 loot with 3 strength (since it is part
     of an empire based in Bombay). Hyderabad
     would generate £15 loot with 2 strength.
     The Commander decides to attack Hyderabad
     and exhausts 3 officers and 2 regiments for 5
     dice. Two dice are subtracted because of the                              £   5
     region’s strength. The roll is a success.


                                                   Then, all players with officers used in the Deploy must
                                                   check for losses. No sixes are rolled so all are safe.
22
