Notes
Credits
Game Design, Graphic Design, and Research: Cole Wehrle
Development: Drew Wehrle (Second Edition), Chas Threlkeld (First Edition)
Design of the Crown: Richard Wilkins
Art: Janek Lipiński (board, portraits, icons, textures), Amita Pai (ganjifa paintings), Amarjeet
Bitke (sculpts), Corey DeVore (sculpts)
Editor: Travis D. Hill
Tabletop Simulator Module: Drew Wehrle
Playtesting: Daniil Afanasev (Otto von Afusbah), Leonard Ash, Mathieu Barsacq, Adam Bell, Vincent Bertoni,
Luke Bridwell, Thomas Butler, Trysten Cain, Cat, Aaron Chady, Glen Cupples, Alexander Dimic, Nahvid Etedali,
Zane Fisher, Paul Forman, Don Gunnell, Reid H, Haze, Lee Hook, Christian Jensen, Matthew A. Jonassaint, Tom
Kassel, Tom Kenny, Vytauta Kubilius, JC Kwok, Drew Lawson, Jason Lindner, Sergio López Fernández, Jaiden
Manacsa, Christopher McKeon, Jon Mott, Brad Neuhauser, Michael Norrish, Olyball, Joshua Orkin Clark, Matthew
J. H. Peronto, Álvaro Manuel Recio Pérez, Alexander Ploberger, Stephen Rausch, Gareth Roberts, Arden Rogow-
Bales, Matthew Rohn, Chip Roush, Andreas Rovio, Guerric Samples, John Schmidt, Ryan Schneider, Charles Simon,
Matilda Simonsson, Matthew Smith, Charles Smith, Jason Stone, Cole Swingholm, Karl Södrén, Chas Threlkeld,
Liam Trench, Nic Tringali, uropb, Voltaire Valdellon, Arno van de Velde, Nicholas Vetterli, Samuel Vriezen, Russell
White, Richard Wilkins, Brian Williams, Don Wilson, Mark Wright, Alex Yeghiazarian

Design History and Dedication
The first outlines of John Company’s design were sketched out sometime in late 2009 on a porch
in Bloomington, Indiana. At that time, I had just discovered Avalon Hill’s The Republic of Rome
(1990), and I wanted badly to see more games that explored institutional history. I made serious
attempts to finish a game about the state-sanctioned monopolies of the seventeenth and eighteenth
centuries in 2011 and 2013, but both attempts floundered. Then, having completed a couple of
smaller designs, I tried again in 2016 and succeeded in finishing the first edition of John Company
about a year later.
The completion of John Company was challenging. At that time, my wife and I were raising our two
young sons in a tiny apartment in the University of Texas at Austin’s graduate student housing and
had barely enough income to keep our little family afloat. The completion of the game coincided
with the final stages of my dissertation and our move back to the Midwest. Though I was grateful
that I was able to finish the design on time, I also wanted to revisit the title someday.
Shortly after finishing the second edition of Pax Pamir in the winter of 2018, Drew and I began
revising John Company. The original plan was to keep the changes small and largely cosmetic.
However, as we dug into the core architecture of the design, we soon realized that some of the
game’s foundations would need to be rebuilt. We kept our general priorities close to those which
had informed Pax Pamir’s redevelopment. We wanted the new edition to offer a beautiful but
sensible production that strengthened the game’s foundations and made the full scope of the design
more accessible.
The second crowdfunding campaign for Pax Pamir performed twice as well as the first, and gave
Drew and I some much needed breathing room that allowed us to spend an additional year preparing
John Company before we began public testing. We showed our work for the first time publicly at
the 2020 San Diego Historical Games Convention at the invitation of Harold Buchanan. The show
gave Drew and I the confidence to push the game into public playtesting and schedule a Kickstarter
for the spring of 2021. The campaign raised nearly $800,000 and allowed us to pursue the most
ambitious production we’ve ever attempted.
As with the development of Oath: Chronicles of Empire and Exile (2020), John Company benefited
from a large group of remote playtesters. These testers were hosted on the Wehrlegig Games &
Friends Discord server and participated in nearly constant discussion of the game. At times, it was
overwhelming to juggle this discussion with my own playtesting, editing, and graphic design work.
But, the game is much better for that conversation. I am immensely proud of our work over the past
year, and I truly think that we have all built something really special together. The final design is a
testament to their care and attention.
This was a very difficult project to complete, and Drew and I are both grateful for the support of
our friends and families who, among other things, tolerated our many unscheduled work sessions.
We love you all so much and promise to spend less time talking about global commerce in the
eighteenth century and debating the merits of different punchboard thicknesses. Furthermore, I
would like to dedicate this game to my partner Cati who helped me through problems both big and
small this year and to my brother Drew, who, perhaps more than any other person, has made the
work of our little company possible.

                                                                                                                      47
