Voting
Starting with the Prime Minister, players take turns voting. After a player has
voted, the next player in clockwise order votes. After all players have had a
chance to vote, the Prime Minister can decide to initiate an additional round
of voting or to stop and resolve the vote. If no votes were cast in the round, the
vote must be resolved.
A player’s votes come from several sources. Each £1 they spend from their family
treasury is worth 1 vote. In addition, any card in their play area is worth votes
equal to the number of vote icons on the card. When casting these votes, rotate
the card to indicate it has been used. It will be rotated back after the vote is resolved.
                                                                                             Vote Icon
As players vote, adjust the Votes marker one space for each vote cast. Players
may advance or lower the marker. There is no limit to the number of votes that
can be cast. If the Votes marker would advance beyond the end of either side of
the track, place cash from the bank near its position to track additional votes. If
it would be moved in the opposite direction, subtract any cash before moving
it in that direction.

       The Opposition
       Any player who votes against the law is part of the opposition. Once a
       player votes against a law, they may not vote in favor of it later during
       that vote. All members of the opposition should count how many votes
       they have cast against this law using any method (for instance, they could
       group all of their cards used to vote plus any money spent).

       A player who previously voted for the law may change their mind and
       join the opposition with later votes.

            M The Opposition Leader. The player who has cast the most votes
              against the law is the Opposition Leader and should take the
              Opposition Leader marker. If there is a tie, the previous holder
              will continue to hold it.
            M Coalitions in Opposition. Players may cast votes on behalf of
              another player with that player’s consent. This player must have
              voted against the law or commit to doing so. These votes should
              be added to their total when determining the Opposition Leader.
            M The Prime Minister’s Honor. The Prime Minister cannot vote
              against the current law or consent to their enterprises being
              used to vote for that purpose. However, their enterprises may be
              used to vote against a law if their “Vote with my enterprises...”
              promise is used.




                                                                                                   35
