                                      The Company’s Structure
              CHAIRMAN

                                                                       DIRECTOR OF
                                                                          TRADE



              S. OF TRADE                 MANAGER OF                                    MILITARY
                                                                        PRESIDENTS
               IN CHINA                    SHIPPING                                     AFFAIRS

                                                                                       Assigns
          Company
           Shares                                                      GOVERNORS       Commanders
                     Gained through
                     Family Action
                     Army Position
                                             Writers                                      Officers
                     Company Office

            Hires      Becomes                                                           Officers-in-
                                                                                          Training

ervisor
           Each office is hired in a different manner described below.

           Chairman
           Any player with a Company share may attempt to become the new Chairman. To be
           elected the new Chairman you need consent from players that control a majority of
           the current Company shares.
           At the start of the election, the former Chairman should declare the number of
           Company shares required to achieve a pure majority (more than half of total). Then,
           any player is welcome to campaign for their candidacy. As soon as a candidate has the
           required number of supporting Company shares, the election is over, and that player
           is chosen as the new Chairman.
           The newly-elected Chairman takes the Chairman marker and moves one of their
           Company shares to the Chairman slot on the board. This piece still counts as a
           Company share, but cannot be traded in a negotiation or used for firm investments
           (if playing with Deregulation).
           If no candidate can receive the necessary support, the former Chairman picks any
           player with at least one Company share to become the new Chairman, including
           themselves. This choice is not subject to the Nepotism rule.

           An Empty Court? In some scenarios it is possible for the Court to be empty. In this
           case the former Chairman will automatically become the next Chairman, and should
           place a family member from their supply to the Chairman slot. If empty, they must
           take from a prize if possible. If that is not possible, there will be no Chairman.

                                              CHAIRMAN ELECTION
                There are 5 shares in the Court of Directors box. In order to become
                Chairman, a player with a share in the Court requires the support
                of a majority of shares. In this case, 3 shares will do the trick.

                If no one can get the support, Blue, as the former Chairman,
                will choose anyone in the Court. For this reason Yellow and Pink
                decide to work together. Yellow would like to be the Chairman and
                offers Pink £1 and a promise card if Pink will throw their support
                behind Yellow. Pink consents and Yellow is elected Chairman.


                                                                                                        15
