     Elephant’s March
     After resolving some events, the Elephant will move. First, check for Imperial
     Ambitions. Otherwise, it will move to the region pictured on the top of the draw stack.
          M Imperial Ambitions. After resolving a successful Invasion Crisis, the Elephant
            will always be moved to the successful capital’s region, regardless of which
            tile is on top of the draw stack.
     After moving the Elephant, determine its position using the following procedure:
          Ƙ If the region is Company-controlled, put the
                                                                            ELEPHAN T ’S MARCH
            Elephant in the center of the region.
          Ƙ If the region is currently dominated by                           RESOLVE
                                                                               CRISIS
            another region, place the Elephant on the
            border facing its current sovereign to indicate                                           +3
            a looming Rebellion.                                               Imperial Ambitions?
                                                                                  OTHERWISE
                                                                                  Top of Stack
                                                                                   Invade or Rebel?



          Ƙ If the region is sovereign, place the Elephant
                                                                         After resolving the Crisis event, the
            on the border matching the shape (circle,                    Elephant moves to the region indicated
            triangle, or square) printed on the tile to                  on the top of the draw stack, Mysore.
            indicate a looming Invasion. The Elephant                    Because Mysore is sovereign, the
            should be facing towards the region on the                   Elephant takes an offensive posture,
            other side of that border. If the Elephant                   and points across the border marked
                                                                         with the circle (into Bombay).
            faces a region that is already dominated by
            the acting region (with the Elephant’s tail),
            use the first clockwise region from that border
            where this is not true.
                M Fully-Formed       Empires.     In   the
                  rare instance that all neighbors are
                  dominated, place the Elephant on
                  the border matching the shape on the
                  Elephant redirect arrow and position
                  it so that it is pointing at the empire’s
                  capital.
                                                 Three Noblemen in Procession on an Elephant (ca. 1790) by Venkatchellum.
                                                 Painted in or around Hyderabad during the time of Nizam ‘Ali Khan, the
                                                 artist depicts three important noblemen in parade. Here the noblemen march
                                                 alongside both Indian and British soldiers. While the Company was engaged
                                                 in conflicts with the Maratha Confederacy, Hastings worked hard to maintain
                                                 an alliance with Hyderabad against their common enemies. This effort
                                                 eventually forced the Nizam into a subsidiary alliance with the Company.




30
