Manager of Shipping
The Manager of Shipping fits, buys, and leases ships on behalf of the Company.
You must spend funds in your treasury until it has at most £2 remaining. Funds
can be spent to:
     Ƙ Lease Extra Ships. Pay £2 to the bank to place an extra ship from the
        general supply in a sea zone. Extra ships are ships on short-term leases
        that will be returned to the supply during the Refresh step.
    Ƙ Fit Ships on Shipyards. Pay £3 to the bank to take a ship from a shipyard
      and place it in any of the three sea zones. Note: this does not require the
      shipyard owner’s consent.
    Ƙ Buy Company Ships. If there are no ships on shipyards, pay £5 to the
      bank and place a Company ship from the general supply in a sea zone.

Military Affairs
Military Affairs moves officers and regiments
between Armies, assigns new officers, and          ASSIGNING COMMANDERS
assigns Commanders.                             Military Affairs (Blue)
                                                has finished transfers
First, you may make up to two Army transfers.   and assigning officers
In each, move one officer or regiment from      and will now appoint
one Army to any other Army. Moved pieces        Commanders.
always remain in the top half of the Army       The Army of Bombay is
box.                                            skipped, as no player has
                                                more pieces here than the
Then, you must assign each piece in the
                                                current Commander.
Officers-in-Training box to any of the three
                                                The Army of Madras
Armies. New officers are placed in the top
                                                has no Commander, so
half of their Army box.                         Military Affairs chooses
Finally, for each Army, if there is a player    between Blue and
                                                Yellow and picks Blue.
with more total pieces than the current
Commander player or if the Commander slot       The Commander of the
is vacant, assign a new Commander. Choose       Army of Bengal no longer
                                                has the most pieces, so a
a player from among those having the
                                                new Commander will be
greatest number of total pieces in that Army.   appointed. Military Affairs
Move one of their officers to the Commander     opts to appoint their
slot, putting any previous Commander there      own officer, and Pink’s
back into the top half of the Army box as an    Commander reverts to an
                                                officer. Because this isn’t
officer.
                                                hiring, Blue disregards
                                                the Nepotism rule.




                                                                                    19
