           Seek Share
           Place a family member on an empty space on the Stock Exchange track
           above the Court of Directors and pay the price printed on that space to
           the bank. These family members may become shares at the end of the
           Family phase. Once shares, they may provide income through dividends
           and will be worth victory points at the end of the game if the Company
           survives. If the Company fails, they will cost victory points instead.


     New Company Shares
     Once all players have completed their turn, check to see if any family members
     on the Stock Exchange track are added to the Court. One will be added for
     each Company Debt as described below.
     If the Company has Debt, move the rightmost family member on the Stock
     Exchange into the Court box and lower the Company Debt marker by one.
     A family member in the Court is called a Company share. If Company Debt
     remains, repeat this step again.
     Finally, if there are still pieces in the Stock Exchange track but no Company
     Debt, slide rightward all remaining family members on the Stock Exchange as
     far as possible, preserving their order.


     III. Hiring
     In this phase, all vacant offices in the Company are filled through hiring.

     General Hiring Procedure
     Offices are hired in ascending order using the number on the back of each office
     card. Vacant offices can only be hired by certain officeholders who choose from
     a specific pool of candidates. The hiring office and the available candidates are
     listed on the back of the office card. Once a candidate is hired, move that family
     member to the new office and give that player the matching office card.
          M Nepotism. You may select your own family member to hire, but you
            must have the verbal consent of every other player in that office’s
            candidate pool. This does not apply to electing the Chairman.
          M Promotions. Some higher offices (like the Director of Trade) are hired
            from family members who already hold offices. Whenever a family
            member is promoted in this way, their previously held office card
            should be flipped over and added to the stack of vacant offices in the
            appropriate order (ascending). Any fatigue tokens on the promoted
            officeholder’s previous card are moved over to the new office card.

     No Candidates or Hirer? In some circumstances there may be no eligible
     candidates for an office. When this happens the office is skipped in the hiring
     process and will remain vacant through the turn, taking no actions (including
     hiring others). If the office responsible for hiring a candidate is vacant, that
     office is skipped.




14
