                                               Crisis
     RESOLVE
                                               Like Peace, the location of the Crisis is determined by the placement of
      CRISIS                                   the Elephant piece, not by the top tile of the draw stack. The Elephant’s
                            +1                 tail (where it is walking from) indicates the attacker. The Elephant’s head
     Imperial Ambitions?
        OTHERWISE
        Top of Stack
                                               (where it is walking to) indicates the defender. After resolving a Crisis,
                                               perform the Elephant’s March.
         Invade or Rebel?




                                                             Invasion
                                                             If the attacker is a sovereign region, resolve an Invasion. Determine
                                                             whether the attacker’s strength (including the strength of any other regions
                                                             in its empire) plus the modifier listed on the event tile is greater than
                                                             the defender’s strength (including the strength of any other regions in its
                                                             empire). If so, the Invasion is successful; otherwise, the Invasion fails.

                                                             If the Invasion succeeded, remove any flag on the defending region’s
                                                             dome and place a flag matching the attacker.

                                                               M Shattered Empire. If the defending region was a capital, any
                                                                 flags matching its empire are returned to the supply.
                                                               M New Empire. If the attacker was successful and does not have a
                                                                 flag, place any flag with a star still in the supply on their dome.
                                                                 If none remain, a new empire cannot be formed and no flag is
                                                                 added to the attacker or defender.
                                                             If the Invasion failed, remove one tower level from the attacker.

                                                             Rebellion
                                                             If the attacker is a dominated region, resolve a Rebellion. In a
                                                             Rebellion, the Crisis is only between a dominated region and the region
                                                             that dominates it (other regions in the empire have no impact!). Determine
                                                             whether the attacker’s strength plus the modifier listed on the event
                                                             tile is greater than the defender’s strength. If so, the Rebellion is
                                                             successful; otherwise it fails.

                                                             When a Rebellion is successful the attacking region is now sovereign.
                                                             Return its flag to the supply. Then, close every open order in the
                                                             attacking region. If all are already closed, resolve a Cascade.

                                                             If the Rebellion failed, remove one tower level from the capital.

                                                                                     MYSORE INVADES
                                 RESOLVE
                                  CRISIS

                                                                                   Mysore’s strength is greater, so
                                                        +1
                                 Imperial Ambitions?
                                                                                   the Invasion is successful. A new
                                                                                   empire is created. In addition,
                                    OTHERWISE
                                    Top of Stack
                                     Invade or Rebel?




                     The new event tile is a +1 Crisis.                            because Hyderabad was previously
                     The Elephant is currently located                             a capital, all other regions in
                     on the border of Mysore and                                   that empire lose their flag.
                     Hyderabad, which means Mysore
                                                                                   Finally, the Elephant Marches.
                     will attempt to invade Hyderabad.
                                                                                   Normally it would move to
                     Hyderabad is part of an empire,                               Hyderabad, but because the
                     so its defense will be 2 (1 for                               Invasion was successful, the
                     Hyderabad + 1 for Madras).                                    Imperial Ambitions rule (p. 30) is
                     Mysore’s strength is 3 (2 for                                 triggered. The Elephant will move
                     Mysore + 1 for the Crisis tile).                              to Mysore’s square border next.

32
