    Concepts and Key Terms
    Component Limits and Infinite Tracks
    Most components in John Company are limited by the pieces included. If a supply
    of pieces is empty, complete as much of the action as possible. However, players may
    use proxies if they run out of cash, trophy/passed law tokens, dice, and regiments.
    The Company Balance, Victory Point, and Vote tracks have no limit.

    Your Play Area and Hidden Information
    Players maintain a play area that contains everything they own. All information
    (including the contents of discard piles) is public except facedown blackmail cards.

    Cash Flow
    In John Company, cash always has a location, and its location determines how it
    can be spent, traded, or paid. You can spend cash in your family treasury on various
    family actions, retirements, upkeep, taxes, and negotiations. Cash within a Company
    office can only be spent by that office.


    £
    Some Company positions will reward players with extra income during their actions.
    In the rules, these payments are highlighted by boxes like this one.

    The Presidencies
    The British East India Company divided India into three administrative zones called
    Presidencies which are each named after their home region. In John Company, these
    Presidencies are special offices that maintain their own Army, cadre of writers, fleet of
    ships, and—later in the game—subordinate offices. These resources are stored in their
    marked boxes or in the zone of the Indian Ocean near their office box on the map.

    The Map of India and How to Read It
    Though much of the action of John Company occurs outside of India, players will
    frequently refer to and use the map of India. If you are learning the game for the first
    time, you may wish to skim this section and return to it as needed.
    The map is divided into eight regions, each roughly corresponding to a different
    political and commercial trade center. Each region has a number of qualities:
         Ƙ Every region has strength, usually represented by its tower. The number
           of levels in the tower dictates the strength of the region (the dome does not
           count as a tower level). This number is used to determine a region’s attack and
           defense value.
         Ƙ Within each region are a number of connected circles called orders. Each
           order contains a number that indicates the value of that order and is
           connected to other orders with a dotted line. Orders represent economic
           opportunities for the players.
               M Home Ports. Orders with a heavy black outline are called home ports.
                 Players use these orders to access other orders deeper in India.
               M Closed Orders. If an order is closed, cover it with a closed order
                 token. This represents trade disruptions or anti-Company sentiment.
         Ƙ Every region has a political alignment: either sovereign or dominated.
           Sovereign regions (those with a large flag or a dome without any flag) will
           attempt to invade their neighbors. Dominated regions (those with a small
6          flag or no dome) will attempt to rebel to regain their sovereignty.
