     Resolving the Vote
     When voting stops, the law passes or fails depending on the position of the Votes
     marker. There are two possible outcomes:
          Ƙ If the law has -1 support or less, it fails. Discard the law, resolving any “If
            Failed” effects if it is a dilemma. Then, the player with the Opposition
            Leader token returns it to the supply and takes the Prime Minister wheel.
            Finally, the new Prime Minister moves the selected policy to either adjacent
            space on the Policy track and then resolves its effect.
          Ƙ Otherwise, the law passes. Place the law near the board next to the other
            passed laws. The Prime Minister should take a passed law token into their
            play area. Then, resolve the policy consequence in the space selected and
            then any immediate effects of the law.
     Finally, return any cards used for votes to their regular orientation.
          M Legislated Company Failure. If a law causes the Company to fail, the
            game is over. Finish resolving the vote then perform Final Scoring.

     The Vote to Deregulate
     In the 1758 and long 1710 scenarios, the Prime Minister may initiate a special session
     of Parliament at the start of the turn before the London Season phase. To do this,
     the Company Standing marker and/or Company Debt marker must be on a lined
     space. If at least one of these markers is on one of the spaces marked with a star, the
     Prime Minister must initiate a special session to vote on Deregulation.
     If the vote passes, lower Company Debt one space for every two Debt and place the
     Standing marker on the space marked “S.” The Prime Minister gains a passed law
     token. Refer to the Deregulation rules for additional changes.
     If the law fails, increase the value of Company shares by placing (or flipping) the
     Company share victory point token in the Court. Shares cannot be worth more
     than +/-3 victory points. Unlike other proposed laws, this law is not associated
     with a policy. If it fails, the current Prime Minister will remain in power and this
     law is not discarded. The Prime Minister may also vote against the law.


     IX. Upkeep and Refresh
     Everyone must pay for their family members on prizes. Each is paid for individually,
     using the indicated amount on that prize (printed to the right of the prize’s cost). If a
     player cannot pay for a prize’s expense, instead return the family member to its
     supply and lower their owner’s victory point marker by that prize’s value.
     Remember, players can transfer funds to each other at any time. If you’re having trouble
     meeting your expenses, see if other players might be willing to loan you some money.
     Players now prepare the board for the next turn. If it is the final turn of the game,
     skip this step and proceed to Final Scoring (page 9).
          Ƙ Return writers to their associated Presidency.
          Ƙ Return filled order tokens and Presidency dividers to the supply.
          Ƙ Return all extra ships to the supply.
          Ƙ Any exhausted officers and regiments become active. Any active local
            alliances are exhausted.

36        Ƙ Then, advance the turn marker and proceed with the first phase.
