    Negotiation
    John Company is a negotiation game. Players can transfer a wide range of assets to one another.
    This includes: enterprises, facedown blackmail cards, cash in your family’s treasury, shares, and
    promise cards. You cannot transfer officeholders, writers, officers, pieces on prizes, spouses,
    passed laws, played blackmail cards, Prime Minister dial, or trophies.

          Promise Cards
          Each player has a set of five promise cards they may give other players as part of a
          negotiation. You may “call in” a promise card and force the player who guaranteed the
          promise to fulfill the promise if they can. Critically, you cannot “call in” a promise card
          once the game is over and players are resolving Final Scoring. If multiple players call
          in a promise at the same time, the player who guaranteed them chooses which to fulfill
          if they cannot fulfill all of them. All promise cards contain details of their use on their
          back sides.

    When transferring resources there is one golden rule: something
    transferred cannot activate twice. For instance, during the
    Bonuses phase, Cati collects £1 for her workshop’s profits. If she sells
    her workshop at this time to another player, it will not generate £1
    again this round.
    Negotiations involving immediate transfers are binding. All
    other negotiations are non-binding.
    Further transferring details are described here:
         Ƙ Enterprises and Blackmail Cards. You may
           trade any enterprise card. You may allow others
           to peek at your facedown blackmail cards
           and trade them, but they cannot be
           traded faceup. Remember to adjust
           the victory point total if transferring
           luxuries.
         Ƙ Family Cash. You may freely
           transfer money from your family’s
           treasury to the treasuries of other
           families.
         Ƙ Shares. When
           exchanging these
           pieces, the player
           gaining the piece should
           return the previous owner’s
           piece to their supply and place
           a family member from their
           supply in its place. You may
           not transfer the Chairman.
         Ƙ Promise Cards. You may
           trade promise cards with
           any player, including
           returning them to their
           guarantor or giving
           them to a third party.
8
