     Presidency Operations
     Each President generates revenue for the Company with the Trade action and
     decides the order in which they, their Commander, and their Governor(s) act.
     Commanders and Governors are not required to take any actions but they must
     be given the opportunity to act. Each position must finish all of its actions
     before the next one may begin (players may flip their family members facedown
     after to track which have acted). The Trade action can be taken anytime during a
     Presidency’s operations so long as it does not interrupt another position.
          M Vacant President. If a President is vacant, the Chairman will decide
            the order of the Commander and Governor(s). A Chairman acting in
            this way cannot approve local alliance purchases or take the Trade
            action.

           Trade
           You may fill open orders in India using the Trade action, starting from
           your Presidency’s home port and continuing through any open orders
           you fill. The Trade action may be taken before or after the Commander
           or each Governor. The procedure for trading is as follows:

               1. Declare the regions in which you wish to trade. You must include
                  your home region and cannot include regions that you could not
                  trade in because you do not have enough ships or because you
                  could not fill an order because a connecting order is closed.

               2. Make a check. Each £1 you spend gives you one die. Subtract one
                  for each region outside of your home region that you declared in
                  step 1 from your total dice.
           Reminder: as with any check, if it is unsuccessful, you may attempt it again
           during your Presidency Operations so long as you have sufficient resources for
           another check and the check did not end in catastrophic failure.

           If successful, place one writer on an open, empty order space for each
           ship in this Presidency’s sea zone. You must place as many writers as
           possible, but can only place them in the declared regions. The first writer
           must be placed on the Presidency’s home port (marked with a thick black
           line). After that order is filled, additional writers must be adjacent to a
           writer you already placed. For each order filled, increase the Company
           Balance by the amount listed on the order.

                M Out of Writers? If all writers have been placed and ships remain
                  to fill additional orders, place filled order tokens (on the reverse
                  of the closed order token) on the orders to show they have been
                  filled.
                M Home Region Privileges. A President may not fill an order in
                  another President’s home region (even if that President is vacant).
                M One Trade. Each President may only successfully trade at most
                  once per game turn.


     £     Then, you take £1 from the bank for each order you filled.



20   £     Finally, each player takes £1 from the bank for each of their writers you
           placed on an order.
