     If successful, perform the following steps:

          1. Divide Loot. Gather cash from the bank based on the target region:
                  Each Tower Level          Loot Modifier (if faceup)
                        +£4                        +£4 to +£9
                 M Loot Minimum. If there is less cash than the number of
                   officers + 1 (that were used in this action and that survived),
                   increase it by the difference from the bank.

    £          Distribute this cash among those that participated and survived the
               Deploy action. First, give yourself £1 (the Commander’s share) and £1
               for each of your officers. Then continue clockwise to the next player
               and give them £1 for each of their officers. Continue clockwise in this
               fashion until all players with officers have been paid or no further
               cash remains. After paying players, if cash remains, give £1 to the
               bank for each regiment and local alliance (regardless of strength). If
               cash remains, continue distributing as described, starting with your
               Commander’s share and officers.

                                  DIVIDING LO OT
When it comes to dividing loot, Hyderabad      In the first round, Pink takes £2 (one for an
is worth £15: £4 for each tower level and      officer and one for the Commander’s share), Yellow
£7 for the loot token. The Army of Madras      takes £1, Blue takes £1, and £2 is paid to the
is under the command of Pink and used          bank for the regiments. Loot still remains so
the following pieces in the action:            payouts continue for a second round where
                                               everyone is paid again. After the second round,
                                               £3 remains, so payouts continue for a third
                                               round, and Pink takes £2 and Yellow £1.
     Three Officers        Two Regiments                      Final Loot Payouts
                                                                                        (Bank)
The current seating order from the
Commander is Pink, Yellow, then Blue.                 £6          £3           £2         £4

          2. Take Trophies. Take one trophy token for each level in the targeted
             region’s tower (since you are the Commander). Then, remove the tower
             and dome. If it was a capital, remove all matching flags.

          3. Impose Order. Open all orders and remove any unrest in the region.

          4. Form Governorship. If the region is not Company-controlled,
             move the region’s loot/control token to the space above the
             President’s box with the region symbol side faceup. This region is
             now associated with this President. Place the matching Governor
             overlay in the region. Finally, take the matching Governor card
             from the stack of unused offices and place it in the Vacant Offices
             box. This region is now Company-controlled.
            M Elephant Redirect. If the Elephant was in the invaded region and
              faced another region, place it in the center of the invaded region
              to show that it now intends to rebel against the Company.
     If the Deploy action is a catastrophic failure, first return half (rounding
     up) of your trophies to the supply and return the Commander to your
     supply.


                                                                                                    23
