     Prestige Cards
     Beginning with the player who spent the most total cash on retirements this turn,
     each player who retired at least one pensioner this turn must take or discard one
     card from the London Season Display. Any ties are broken in favor of most total
     window icons (including from retirements this turn!) and then in Prime Minister order
     (clockwise, starting with the Prime Minister).
     When choosing their card, the acting player is welcome to peek at any blackmail
     card in the London Season Display.
     If there are no cards remaining in the display, all remaining players are skipped.
     Then, discard any remaining cards and refill the London Season Display to three
     cards. Place blackmail cards facedown. Place regular prestige cards faceup. Note:
     this is done even if there were no cards taken this turn!
     Lastly, return any family members in the Pensioners box to their supplies.

             Prestige and Blackmail Cards in Detail
             The different types of prestige and blackmail cards are described below:

                   Ƙ Spouses usually increase your family’s victory points, but most
                     come with a restriction you must follow for the rest of the game.
                     Spouses cannot be transferred. If a restriction requires you to
                     discard or trade enterprises/shares, players must negotiate any
                     trades immediately after they take the spouse. Regarding Violet
                     Effingham, any fitted ships connected to returned shipyards
                     will still remain in play, but their attached shipyards may not be
                     purchased during the Family Action phase if the ship is in play.
                        Most spouses also have a retirement discount that lowers the cost
                        of a retirement by the amount shown. These discounts can be
                        stacked, but may only be used by you alone. Each discount may
                        be used once per London Season and once per Final Scoring. Note:
                        these discounts will lower the amount you spend in retirement, which can
                        influence the order in which prestige cards are taken.
                   Ƙ Enterprises on prestige cards offer special powers which a player
                     may use. These enterprises may be worth power during Final
                     Scoring like other enterprises of their type and are likewise affected
                     by policies during the Parliament Meets phase. These enterprises
                     can be transferred.
                   Ƙ Blackmails offer one-time effects. After they are used they are placed
                     in your player area faceup and cannot be transferred. At the end
                     of the game, all blackmail cards in a player’s area (faceup or down)
                     count for power during Final Scoring.

                                  LOND ON DISPLAY IN ACTION
     Next, players perform the Prestige Cards step. This step goes in order of the player who spent the
     most money during the Retirement step. Blue spent £8 and Yellow spent £4, and so Blue will go first.

     First, Blue peeks at the blackmail card, but decides
     to take Lord Highgate. No replacement is drawn.
                                                                         SPOUSE                                      SPOUSE
                                                                 You cannot transfer this card.              You cannot transfer this card.


                                                                                              3                                           2

     Yellow peeks at the blackmail card                                                      -£2                                         -£2


     and decides to pick it.
                                                                  Lord Highgate                               Lady Glencora
     Finally, the remaining card is discarded and three
                                                                                                        Remove your opportunity marker
                                                                                                        from the game. It is never placed
                                                               You may only retire to the                when you take an action. Note:
                                                                or  victory point prizes.                you may still gain extra actions


     new cards are placed in the London Season Display.
                                                                                                            from laws and an extra writer
                                                                                                             when there are + vacancies.




12
                                                                                                   19                                          18
