     Reading Empire’s Origin Story
     There are many games about empires. In most, their existence and their internal
     coherence is taken for granted. This makes for clean design but very bad history.
     No empire springs into being fully-formed. Their genealogies are as messy as their
     modes of operation. John Company embraces this complexity and attempts to tell
     one small part of the origin story of the British Empire. In the game, players take
     the role of ambitious families who are interested in advancing themselves in polite
     society and who see in the British East India Company a means to that end. In
     some respects, this is a game about the ordinary actors of empire and how often
     well-meaning and decent people can do some truly evil things to advance their own
     prospects.
     However, there are limits to what a game can do. Games excel at manipulating
     our sympathies and making otherwise remote situations feel immediate. To do this,
     they often bend the historical record for narrative and argumentative effect. John
     Company is no different. It is essentially a work of historical fiction, which, I hope,
     reveals its subject and encourages its players to dig deeper.
     When it comes to learning more about the Company, there are numerous excellent
     starting places. The best single volume account remains John Keay’s The Honourable
     Company (1991). Those interested in primary documents should take a look at the
     amazing first volume of the Archives of Empire (2003) edited by Barbara Harlow and
     Mia Carter. For those wanting to understand the damage the Company wrought and
     the insidious half-life of many of its policies, see Shashi Tharoor’s brisk and brilliant
     Inglorious Empire (2018). Those hoping to better understand the particular context
     of the Company’s dramatic rise in the middle of the eighteenth century should look
     at William Dalrymple’s The Anarchy (2019). Dalrymple’s book is beautifully written
     and very engaging.
     Those wishing to explore more stories of the families that made the Company
     possible should look at The East India Company at Home, 1757-1857 (2018) edited by
     Margot Finn and Kate Smith and its companion blog (both are available freely
     online). Much can also be gained by reading any number of nineteenth century
     novels. I’d suggest in particular William Makepeace Thackeray’s Vanity Fair (1847-
     48) and The Newcomes (1854-55) and Charles Dickens’s Dombey and Son (1846-48).
     Those with access to an academic library should also check out Jean Sutton’s very
     expensive but interesting The East India Company’s Maritime Service 1746-1834 (2010).
     For those looking to go deeper, a full picture of how the Company operated and
     made money can be found in K. N. Chaudhuri’s The Trading World of Asia and the East
     India Company 1660-1760 (1978). This is nicely supplemented by C. A. Bayly’s Indian
     Society and the Making of the British Empire (1998). Though covering an earlier period
     than the game, I’d also suggest Philip J. Stern’s The Company-State (2011), which
     describes the foundations of the Company and illuminates the larger patterns of its
     behavior, especially in the context of British politics. The later part of that story can
     be found in Lucy Sutherland’s The East India Company in Eighteenth-Century Politics
     (1952).
     Finally, for those interested in exploring some of the bigger questions of national
     identity and culture, I would suggest starting with Benedict Anderson’s Imagined
     Communities (1983), Edward Said’s Culture and Imperialism (1993), and Saree
     Makdisi’s Making England Western (2014).

     John Company: Second Edition, Second Printing, 2023
           Game Published by Wehrlegig Games llc
                  This game is licensed under
48        Creative Commons license BY–NC–SA 4.0.
