                                Events Described
                                All of the events in India are described in the following sections.

     TURMOIL
                                           Turmoil
                                           Close the northernmost open order in the region pictured on the top of
  Close northernmost open order.
 If all are closed, perform Cascade
                                           the draw stack. Any writer on the order is returned to that player’s supply.
                                           If all orders in this region are already closed, perform a Cascade.
(close orders in connected regions).




    WINDFALL
                                           Windfall
                                           Players take £1 from the bank for each writer they have on an order in the
     Gain for writers here and
                                £1
                                           region pictured on the top of the draw stack and all adjacent regions i.e.
                                           regions that share a border with that region.
       in adjacent regions.




                                           Shuffle
      SHUFFLE
            Top of Stack
                                           First, perform the Elephant’s March. Then, shuffle this tile in with the
                                           remainder of the draw stack. Finally, shuffle the discards and place them
            Invade or Rebel?



 Shuffle this tile in with the deck.
  en shuffle the discards and
        place them on top.
                                           on top of the draw stack, facedown. In the rare instance the draw stack is
                                           empty, perform the Elephant’s March last.


       LEADER
                                           Leader
                                           If the region pictured on the top of the draw stack is sovereign, add a
                                +4
 Strengthen if           Rebellion if
                                           tower level to it. Otherwise, treat this event as a Rebellion in the pictured
                                           region with a strength modifier equal to the number on the explosion
  sovereign.             dominated.




                                           symbol (see Crisis rules).

                                                              M Elephant Redirect. If the Elephant was fully within a Company-
                                                                controlled region that successfully rebelled, perform an
                                                                Elephant’s March. (Otherwise this event does not move the Elephant.)

                                           Peace
         PEACE
                                           Open any orders that are connected through the border the Elephant
   If the Elephant is fully in a
                                           stands on. Then add one tower level to each region touching the Elephant
Company-controlled region, clear
unrest and open all orders instead.

             Top of Stack
             Invade or Rebel?
                                           that is not controlled by the Company. If the Elephant was wholly within
                                           a region (indicating a potential Rebellion), open all orders in that region
                                           and remove any unrest in this region. Then, perform the Elephant’s
                                           March.

                                                                                 PEACE EXAMPLE


                                                 PEACE



                                           If the Elephant is fully in a
                                        Company-controlled region, clear
                                        unrest and open all orders instead.

                                                    Top of Stack
                                                    Invade or Rebel?




                   The newly-drawn event tile is Peace. This event
                   occurs in the location of the Elephant which is on
                   the border of Mysore and Madras. The order in
                   Madras is now opened and Mysore will have its tower
                   increased from 2 to 3 levels. Note: the other order in
                   Madras remains closed and it does not remove the unrest
                   cube as the Elephant was not fully within Madras.

                   Lastly, the Elephant Marches to Mysore and will point to
                   Hyderabad across the border marked with the triangle.


                                                                                                                                       31
