     Governor General
     The Governor General is created by passing a law of the same name. When
     passed, all Governors immediately become pensioners. Remove any Governor
     overlays on the map and any partially-built Company ships. No new Governors
     are created (or overlays placed) when additional regions become Company-
     controlled. Note: the printed Company icons on the board show players which regions
     are Company-controlled when the Governor General is in play.
     The player holding the Director of Trade card should replace it with the
     Governor General card and place the Governor General overlay on the ribbon.
     Any fatigue on the Director of Trade office card should be moved to the new
     office card. Return all Governor cards and the Director of Trade card to the
     box.
     The Governor General is hired like the Director of Trade by the Chairman and
     is subject to attrition like any other office.
     The Governor General hires Presidents and performs all of its actions during the
     part of the Company Operation phase formerly used by the Director of Trade
     office. The Director of Trade’s treasury is now used by the Governor General.
     From now on, if any regions are lost via attacks on the Company, follow the
     Region Loss rules but skip the Governor Elimination step.
     When acting, first increase the Company Balance by £3 for each region that is
     Company-controlled.
     Then the Governor General may attempt the Govern action any number of
     times.

           Govern
           The procedure for governing is as follows:

               1. Make a check. Each £1 you spend gives you one die. There is no
                  penalty.

               2. For each 6 rolled, place one unrest in each Company-controlled
                  region.

     £     If you are successful, take £1 for each region that is Company-controlled.

           Then, for each region that is Company-controlled, choose one of the
           following (note: you must choose an option!):

                Ƙ Governor General’s Shipbuilding. Place a Company ship in
                  any sea zone (including China).
                Ƙ Governor General’s Commission Regiment. Place a regiment
                  from the supply in any Army.
                Ƙ Governor General’s Tax. Either increase the Company Balance
                  by £2 or place £2 in any Company treasury except your own.
                  Then place an unrest in a Company-controlled region. If you
                  make this choice multiple times in a single turn, you must place
                  the unrest in a different region for each.
           If the check did not succeed, place 1 unrest in each Company-controlled
           region.

                M One Govern. The Governor General may only successfully
26                govern at most once per game turn.
