     The Firms Phase
     After the Family phase is complete and before the Hiring phase, players will
     now perform the Firms phase. The Firms phase has two steps: Firm Investments
     and Firm Strategy.

     Firm Investments
     The first step of the Firms phase has no set order and players can take the
     following actions at any time during it. The Firms phase ends when no player
     wishes to take further actions. Any timing conflicts related to a firm are resolved
     by the firm’s manager. Any timing conflicts between firms are resolved by the
     Prime Minister.
     Two of the actions described in this section use Company shares. These rules are
     restricted by the two caveats described below:
          M Weak Company Shares. If the Company Standing and/or Debt
            marker is on a lined space, you may not use Company shares to form
            a firm or invest.
          M Immature Company Shares. You may not invest with a Company
            share that was created this turn. You may not avoid this rule by trading
            your share to another player. (Players may find it helpful to flip over any
            newly-created Company shares until the end of the turn to show that they
            cannot be invested.)

           Forming a Firm
           A player who does not currently manage a firm may form one by returning
           one of their Company shares to its supply or flipping one workshop to its
           invested side. Flip your family board over to its firm charter side. Place
           one family member from your supply on the firm’s Shares box to represent
           the firm’s first share. Place one of your cubes on the leftmost space of the
           Value track (the other will be used to record the total dividends paid).
           Add £5 from the bank to this firm’s London treasury. Your family is now
           considered a firm and you are the firm manager.

           Court and Workshop Investment
           With the consent of the firm’s manager, players may invest in a firm. For
           each investment, add £5 from the bank to this firm’s London treasury and
           place a family member on the firm’s Shares box. A family member in a
           firm’s Shares box is called a firm share. Reminder: like Company shares, firm
           shares can be traded by players.

           To invest, a player must first either return one of their Company shares to
           its supply or flip one of their workshops to its invested side.

                M Invested Workshops. An invested workshop is not scored if the
                  Company fails and no longer generates a bonus.
                M Firm Share Limit. Firms may only have 10 shares. A firm with
                  10 shares may still be invested in, but will not create any further
                  shares.




38
