II. Family
This phase has two steps. First, all players will take their family action. Then, new Company
shares may be created.

Family Action
Starting with the player with the Chairman title and proceeding clockwise, each player
selects one family action from those listed in this section and places their opportunity
marker on the action they choose. (Note: at the start of the game, this marker is not on any action.)

Out of Family Pieces? If you need to place a family piece but have none, you must choose
to take one from any prize. If taken from a prize, lower your victory point marker by the
printed value of that prize. (Note: this rule also applies to creating Firm shares in Deregulation.)

If a player’s opportunity marker was already on the action they chose at the start of this
phase, they may take that action twice instead. Example: your opportunity marker is on the
purchase shipyard action. This turn you could take that action twice. If you take a different action,
you will only take it once.
     M Extra Actions. Some laws enable players to take an additional action after they
       have taken their main action. Only the most recently-passed extra action can be
       used. This action does not benefit from a player’s opportunity marker, nor does
       a player move their opportunity marker to the space corresponding to the extra
       action.
     M No Action. Rarely, players may be unable to take a family action. In these cases,
       no action is taken and their opportunity token should be placed in their supply
       of pieces. In practice this only happens if a player has no family pieces, prizes, or money.

      Enlist Writer
      Place one family member in one of the three regional Writers boxes. If there are four
      or more vacant offices, you may place an additional writer once this turn. This might
      allow you to place two or three writers in a turn depending on the location of your opportunity
      marker.

      Enlist Officer
      Place one family member in the Officers-in-Training box.

      Purchase Luxury
      Pay £4 to the bank and take one luxury. Each luxury gives you 2 victory points
      as long as they are in your possession. Adjust your victory point marker to reflect
      your purchase. Each luxury has a window tax icon, which may need to be paid
      for during the Parliament Meets phase. Each luxury counts as a social enterprise.          Window Tax
                                                                                                    Icon
      Purchase Shipyard
      Pay £2 to the bank and take one shipyard. Place the matching ship token on the
      shipyard in the space indicated. Shipyards provide a £1 bonus each turn if their
      ship has been fitted and provide a single vote in the Parliament Meets phase. Each
      shipyard counts as a shipping enterprise.

      Purchase Workshop
      Pay £5 to the bank and take one workshop. A workshop provides a £1 bonus each
      turn and two votes in the Parliament Meets phase. If the Company fails, it is worth
      1 victory point during Final Scoring. Each workshop counts as a manufacturing
      enterprise.                                                                                       13
