     Chairman
     The Chairman may first increase Company Debt and then must allocate the
     Company Balance.
     You may advance the Company Debt marker up to three times. For each
     advance, increase the Company Balance by £5. If you wish to advance the Debt
     marker additional times, you must have the consent of players who control a
     majority of Company shares for each additional advancement (Remember: the
     Chairman counts as a share for this purpose!). The Chairman may not advance the
     debt beyond the end of the track.
     Then, allocate all funds on the Company Balance track to any other office
     treasuries. Reduce the marker on the Company Balance track by the amount
     transferred and add it to the respective office treasuries. Note: a Chairman may
     wish to increase Debt as they allocate to make it easier to plan. As long as they follow the
     rules for taking debt described in the previous paragraph, this is fine.

                                           SEEKING DEBT
     The Company has 2 Debt and a Balance of £3,
     which was carried over from the previous turn.
     Since the office treasuries are mostly empty,
     the Chairman wishes to raise additional cash.
     The Chairman may increase the Company Debt
     marker up to 6 spaces with the support of a
     majority of the Court. The Chairman doesn’t
     wish to beg and so chooses to increase it 3 spaces.
     This adds £15 to the Balance for a total of £18.


     Director of Trade
     The Director of Trade may take the Special Envoy action and then may move
     writers and ships between the Presidencies. The Special Envoy action can be
     taken multiple times.

             Special Envoy
             Make a check. Each £1 you spend gives you one die. There is no penalty.

             If you are successful, choose one of the following:

                   Ƙ Open trade with China. Create the Superintendent of Trade in
                     China by placing the office overlay to the right of the board near
                     the Bengal Presidency and taking its office card from the stack of
                     unused offices. The office should be hired immediately.
                   Ƙ Open an Order. Open one closed order in any region in India
                     that is not controlled by the Company.
     Then, you may make up to two transfers. In each, move one writer or ship from
     one Presidency or sea zone to any other.
                                           SPECIAL ENVOY
      The Director of Trade decides to spend £3
      on a Special Envoy. Their check is successful
      and they choose to open an order.

      Because Bengal is Company-controlled,
      the Director of Trade cannot open its
      second order by Special Envoy.
      Instead, they decide to open
      the order in Maratha.
18
