                                                     Game End
                                                     Each scenario of John Company concludes
                                                     at the end of the turn indicated by
                                                     the scenario. The game can also end
                                                     immediately if the Company Standing
                                                     marker ever moves to the leftmost space on
                                                     the Standing track.
                                                     Once the game is over, players may not
                                                     negotiate, cash in promises, or play
                                                     blackmail cards (unless a card’s text explicitly
                                                     allows it). Then players perform the Final
                                                     Scoring phase.


                                  Final Scoring
                                  Final scoring has several steps which are described
                                  in the list below. Any ties after Final Scoring
                                  are broken in favor of the player with the most
                                  window icons and then in Prime Minister order
                                  (clockwise, starting with the Prime Minister).           Victory Point
                                                                                               Icon


        1. Power Award. Each player totals their power. Power comes from these sources:
               Ƙ Power Track. Each enterprise (remember: some prestige cards are enterprises) or
                 Company share is worth the amount of power indicated next to its token on
                 the Power track. The bottom two spaces are worth 0 power.
               Ƙ Prime Minister and Laws. Each passed law token in your play area is worth
                 +1 power. The Prime Minister grants its holder +2 power.
               Ƙ Cards. Some blackmail cards and one spouse are worth power. Power for
Power
 Icon            blackmail cards in your player area is gained if the card is faceup or down.
               Ƙ Trophies. Each trophy token in your play area is worth +1 power.
           The players with the most and second most power gain victory points depending
           on which turn was the final game turn, as indicated by the table on the board. If
           players are tied for the most power, award the lower value to the tied players only,
           and no other power award is given. Players tied for second place get nothing.

        2. Score Court and Workshops. If the Company survived, each Company share is
           worth the number of victory points indicated on the Court. If the Company failed,
           players lower their score by that number instead for each, and players score 1 for
           each workshop they own. Scores may drop below zero.

        3. Final Retirement or Consequence of Failure. If the Company survived, all players
                roll for attrition and retire any pensioners. No prestige cards are gained. If the
                 Company failed, draw one Company failure card and resolve it.
                                                                                                        9
