                                                              3
           BENGAL                     1
                                                     2nd
                                                                  1
                                      2
                                                        Company Expectations


          BOMBAY                                           £4

                                                           £6
                                                                               4
                                                           £8+
          MADRAS                      6
                                                                               5
AI Deck
You will often need to refer to the current faceup AI card and the AI deck when
breaking ties.
When the Crown must choose between the Presidencies, select the Presidency
indicated on the back of the topmost card of the facedown AI deck pointed to
by the black arrow (1). If this Presidency is not suitable, or the Crown must
select a second Presidency, select the one indicated by the white arrow (6). If
the second Presidency is not suitable, then the Crown will select the remaining
third Presidency. For example, first select the Bengal Presidency, then Madras, then
Bombay.
When the Crown must select a direction, use the direction pointed at by the
finger (2). For example, the selected direction is clockwise.
When the Crown must select one of three cards in a splay, select the card in
the position of the shaded card at the top of the AI card (3). If that card is
not available, select the next card to the right, wrapping around to the left if
needed. For example, the Crown would choose the leftmost card in the London Season
Display.
When the Crown changes climate during the Chairman’s actions, use the chart
to determine their new climate (4). For example, if Company Standing is in the first
or second place, the Crown’s climate will change to the peacock. A player cannot affect
the game state in any way prior to determining the Crown’s new climate after a
new AI card is flipped.
When the Crown must decide between regions, use the region priority given at
the bottom of the AI card (5). The Crown selects the leftmost region in the list
and proceeds to the right. For example, the Crown would first choose Madras, then
Mysore, then Bombay, then Punjab, then Delhi, then Maratha, then Hyderabad, and
lastly Bengal.



                                                                                          45
